these balls are fun and are great for sensory learning . 
also , she has n't had any more accidents since we got this . 
highly recommend ! 
i really like this stepstool . 
it is nice that it has two height adjustments . 
it is nice and sturdy and it is really easy to wipe clean . 
i would say this is great as a stool though . 
exactly what you need when trying to get a good lather . 
i may pick up another 4 since we bath every night . 
can not go wrong with this purchase ! 
love the concept , but this thing is huge . 
on the actual packaging , it says    34 extra large .   
34   the site description does not . 
this was a good thing - but the chair itself is really great . 
the adjustable straps are easy to use and easy to clean . 
i really like fisher - price products and this is no different . 
we have a small shower stall . 
it fits in the corner of our bathroom and has the sliding doors . 
the doors open up at the corner , so small shower . 
our dtr grew out of the infant tub 
so we bought this hoping it would fit in our small tub . 
she loves this tub ! ! 
or just for messy eaters . 
kushies has more precise sizes . 
kushies made in canada   bumkins made in china3 . 
the kushies material looks less plastic . 
kushies has a generous , seemingly strong velcro tab at the neck . 
it looks like it would be comfortable . 
this is an ok activity gym . 
i have an iphone 4s , so it fits just fine . 
the apps are decent - downloaded both . 
we leave this one at my parents ' house 
my parents like that it 's easily stored away when not in use . 
it 's all trial and error when it comes to babies ! 
these are great . 
they are cheap and easy to remove . 
simple and got the job done 
these do n't do anything different , my son was a year 
and he could just pull them out like the cheap ones . 
very disappointed ! 
my daughter likes her froggy ... 
i only wish the pacifier was not sewn in 
it 's extremely easy to steer with one hand- height adjustment on the handle 
is great- cup holders are nice- it 's lightweight and folds up 
easily- great price for something this sturdycons 
- i wish the basket was larger- 
i bought this since my baby was a new born . 
he started playing with the blocks a lot at around 2 months . 
he 's 7 months now and does n't play with it as much . 
i love this diaper bag . 
overall i am very happy i splurged a bit and got this . 
this is a great mat for under car seats . 
i registered for this item without really evaluating any others ... 
i thought all nursing covers were the same.pros   folds nicely in the bag . 
the fabric does not breathe   
we are both sweltering within a few minutes.looking for a better one now ... 
my only complaint is the two pack . 
the bottles come in packs of three , right ? 
should n't the nipples be available in the same quantity . 
i really love my click and go caddy . 
best baby purchase made . 
so light , easy . huge basket . 
not looking forward to being without it when she grows out of this gem . 
way better then a car seat adapter with a big heavy expensive stroller . 
and about the same price as the stupid hard to use adapters . 
go chicco ! 
received two gingham sheets . 
nice understated pattern . 
i ' m happy with the quality . 
they keep baby cool during the horribly long az summers . 
perfect shape , highly recommended . 
it 's not an expensive item 
so take that for what it 's worth.secondly 
gp product b000jvxzf2 
ref oh_details_o03_s00_i01?ie utf8 psc   1 
these are perfect . 
these are great quality containers ! 
i like that this set came with two different size containers . 
very convenient and easy to use . 
this was a great addition to our pack n play . 
it really is incredible how much you can save . 
i would highly recommend this product anyone who is breast - feeding ! 
these covers are a waste of money ! 
the two halves snap around the knob , and just as easily come apart . 
these are okay . 
i have noticed the fork prongs bending , so that is a little disappointing . 
my 2 year old loves them . 
this 2 in 1 cup is perfect . 
it 's very well made and i use it still . 
we bought this as a replacement for our stroller and it worked great . 
i would buy this product again if given the chance . 
this is an ok purchase ... there are positives and negatives to it .   
it fits a very large opening without any additional extentions . 
pretty easy standard 
installation.- it is not very substantial or sturdy . 
my son shakes it and it moves back and forth . 
i love the quality of this product . 
it is even softer and stronger than i would have imagined and washes well . 
the green is a very pretty shade . 
i ' m thinking about getting more of them for sure ! 
we bought this for our nursery , and so far are pleased with it . 
my 21 month old son loves this thing . 
he thinks its    34 cool   34 ! 
eric carle products are always wonderful products for helping develop skills in young babies . 
this one is no exception . 
my 4 month old son loves the bright colors and different textures . 
he giggles when he hears the horse neigh or the bird squeak . 
he is a very strong baby and pulls pretty hard on his toys 
and i have not seen any wear or tear on the horse yet . 
purchased this car seat after reading the reviews . 
good value . 
good function . 
nice , comfortable design . 
i ordered these for my son 's nursery , and i was very pleased . 
we have n't used any other bottles besides these 
and they seem to work perfectly . 
so , i guess not too much air is swallowed . 
however , these were a good alternative , and very comfortable . 
i will buy this again for the next time . 
so cute and easy to clean . 
he loves it . 
the features are nice    
it 's built pretty sturdy . 
and she still uses it ! 
of course , she did n't use the vibration anymore by then 
anyway , so it did n't really matter .   
either.i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for only a couple reasons 1 . 
like with my son , he is in the 75th percentile    
it has always worked fine for him ... 
will last you a long time !   
which is really nice since most baby gear gets outgrown pretty quickly 
i like this product . 
i used tiny nails to tack them on from the underside . 
i love these formula containers ! ! 
i do n't leave home without them ! ! 
this one does n't do it at all ! ! 
makes formula feeding that much more convenient ! 
where has this been all my parental life ? ? 
this carrier and the bjorn are like night and day . 
the ergo is so much more comfortable . 
my lo can even nurse in it . 
i ' ve also gotten lots of compliments on the zebra print ! 
i 'd recommend this to any new parents . 
i bought this for our third baby . 
i just re - wrap it . 
there are no   
i perfected 3 carries in about 20 minutes with our 6 month old . 
i will add that 1 .   
i wish they would invest something like this for pregnancy ! 
babies are like little furnaces . 
nice and soft , fit the mini crib mattress almost perfectly . 
still a bit tight 
, shoes the mattress a tiny 
but , but it works ! 
needs thinner sections there like the boppy maternity pillow 
beds prosholds thickness shape.synopsis , do n't waste your money on this pillow . 
i can not side sleep with this pillow . 
even doing all that does n't always prevent leaking , though . 
i gave it 4 out of 5 stars because of that . 
i live overseas in a house with no central air and no thermostat . 
my son was born in the summer 
my husband insisted it was fine . 
it was hard to be exact because the wall unit was in celsius . 
i can see the temperature and make my own opinion . 
that would be extremely helpful- 
works as described ! 
always a good idea to have extra parts on hand ! 
he loved the different textures . 
they hold up well and are easy to clean . 
i love this tub ! 
i did n't really use this so it was a waste of money . 
would not recommed to anyone . 
it was comfy to wear though . 
but i can not figure this product out . 
i have no idea how to install it . 
it 's pretty complicated . 
it ended up in the trash . 
i did n't bother returning it because its not even worth the hassle . 
this medela harmony manual breast pump works just great . 
we recently purchased this play yard for our 12 month old son . 
i am sooo happy we bought it , it is a lifesaver . 
it is very sturdy this way too . 
the gate is very easy to open and close . 
lifesaver !    
well i have n't had any of these problems . 
our son is 12 months old , and 24lbs . 
he leans against the gate , and it still holds up . 
i highly recommend this playgate ! 
i have to say , this has given me great piece of mind . 
no false alarms of yet    used it for about three weeks now . 
as soon as you remove the monitor , it starts beeping right away . 
it is very sensitive ! 
i love it ! ! 
my baby does not seem to mind or notice it 
and it stays nice and clean . 
i do n't think i could fall asleep without it .... 
money well spent ! 
i do n't know why all changing pads do n't have 4 sides - 
it 's great ! 
i use the carters super soft dot changing pad cover and it fits well . 
it is hard for the fish to stay on the    34 fishing line   
i bought these spoons for feeding my 4 month old . 
i bought these along withtake    toss infant spoons - 16pk . 
the gerber spoon are soo perfect . 
they are small for my sons little mouth and very soft . 
he can chew on the spoon with no problems . 
very sturdy spoons and great handles for parents on hold . 
this toy is very cute . 
my daughter loved this . 
no matter how tightly i wrapped it . 
they are a lifesaver ! 
she was 9 lbs 5 
oz when she was born 
, i got these when she was a week old . 
i ' ve washed both and accidentally tossed the white one in the dryer . 
these bags are awesome . 
both more secure and more reusable than plastic bags ! 
these will be my new go - to baby shower gift . 
i also use them for cereal sometimes on the go .. 
so , it totally does it 's job . 
no odor at all in his bedroom . 
my son loves his sleep sack . 
he has been in one since he was just a few months old . 
the design is nice and subtle , could be used for a girl too ! 
my sone has never taken to a bottle . 
however , he has always been able to drink out of this sippy cup . 
he really has problems with anything with a valve   so 
... but the cotton front , not so much . 
i was quite dissappointed . 
kudos to amazon for the easy , no hassle return ! 
we have this at grandma 's house as a hand me down . 
it keeps tilting side to side which can be uncomfortable for baby . 
i prefer the jumperoo style that has open access to a flat floor surface . 
the flat floor seems safer for him to jump in too.if 
i nannied off and on for 10 years before having my son . 
i put it together in less than 10 minutes . 
my little guy loves this chair . 
bought this for my son with hypotonia who need more support for tummy time . 
it worked really well and even our pt was impressed ! 
washable and easy to store . 
but it 's child proof and icky chemical free 
so i do n't feel bad about sticking it in the micro . 
lock your investment people ! 
i have purchased 4 of these mirrors . 
the competitors out there do not offer such great straps . 
this is the only mirror i will buy now . 
this is really your basic baby monitor . 
basic volume controls , multi - camera pairing , and speaker and microphone features . 
then it became , do n't bump anything or the camera will move 
and we 'll have to readjust it . 
so i can only review this based on my understanding and playing with it . 
basically , it 's priceless ! 
battery operated and comes in a case for portability . 
attach the oma to your baby 's diaper and it rests at abdominal level . 
a very basic design that 's beyond a gift from the gods ! 
however , if you swaddle your baby you may have issues using this . 
if that 's your baby then this is great . 
anyone want to chime in on this , i ' m curious . 
bigger than i thought it would be . 
my baby could n't budge it even when he tried . 
we had gotten one of these for our first born two years ago . 
thank goodness for amazon ! 
we found it and could not be happier . 
it was shipped quickly and is now on display in our home . 
this is an innovative product . 
which we were never going to use . 
and she eats in it . 
the chair was very easy to assemble . 
and it still looks great after about a month of daily use . 
my only dislike is the ease of putting it on . 
but this is super sturdy    will not stretch out over time . 
enter the potette . 
good thing he did . 
new.pretty clever of kalencom to sell these separately , too . 
this rocker provides a safe barrier around the baby to be secured inside . 
my baby enjoys looking at the hanging toys and music . 
this rocker would be better if the material of the cushion could be improved . 
this is awesome ! 
i use it on my city versa and it looks good with it . 
i love how you can fit all different sizes of drinks or bottles . 
love the center compartment and the front pockets for your cell phone . 
very versatile and durable . 
smells carcinogenic - really concerning . 
however , they work well for the intended purpose . 
i switched from size one to two when my baby began weighing 14.25lbs . 
just remember to turn it inside - out when going from washer to dryer . 
this swing saved our lives ! ! ! 
our little guy just loves it . 
so it 's an amazing deal on amazon . 
we purchased all our baby stuff from amazon for that reason . 
how can you beat that ? ? 
great stocking stuffer   or easter basket stuffer ? ! 
other reviews mentioned this is a bit smaller than what they anticipated . 
it fits comfortably in the palm of my hand . 
absorbent and love how trim the liners are . 
they hold a lot of fluid without the bulk of the microfiber liners . 
they do take about twice as long to dry as other inserts . 
all of my diaper   inserts are dry overnight hanging however 
these are still pretty damp in the morning . 
other than that , no complaints ! ! 
they are about 1 2 hemp    1 2 cotton 
i like the idea of pumping directly into bags for storage . 
the hooks feel precarious . 
i can not just lean back and rest while i pump . 
this crib is so beautiful and sterdy ! 
it does not work . 
i however do not love it . 
to good will it go ' s. 
i ordered two pairs of these . 
and now she is a year old and still plays with it ! 
although it does n't hang our car seat very well 
it 's too short   
we have a combi shuttle   
but she loves playing with it anyways . 
it fits on all toilets i have tried so far . 
the bags work great and are easy to tie and throw away . 
my little girl   7 months then   loves this . 
it rattles and she eats them like they are so delicious . 
for some reason she really likes the loop at the end 
but she tends to play with the tags on things 
so maybe that 's why . 
great slow flow nipples . 
i introduced the bottle to my baby when she was 4 weeks old . 
no issues switching between . 
most new moms - to - be register for a few different bottle types . 
the bottle brush that is included with this set is one of the best . 
it 's a nice touch . 
the soft sippy spout does not impress me . 
the white silicone spout also stains very easily . 
the trainer handles are another accessory that never particularly impressed me . 
it 's priced nicely for all that it includes . 
my little man first received   the duck   as a baby shower gift . 
did n't want to fall into that trap ... 
so we purchased a new   the duck .   
my exclusively breastfed baby is 3 1 2 months old hates all bottles . 
ordering more . 
once on , it stays securely . 
my son grew out of it long before he was potty - trained . 
too short in my opinion . 
i think it 's great that they make an extension belt for it ! 
my son loves this toy ! 
, he said it was one of the coolest things he 'd ever seen . 
i think we could have lubed the seat with wd40 
and it would n't have slid around . 
at first i thought this felt like a super cheap thing . 
surprisingly its been very durable and stretches to hold quite a bit of stuff . 
very good product for the price . 
the cover comes off easily for washing - do not wash the memory foam ! 
just wish the company sold extra outer shells . 
it was very useful . 
it fit onto every chair we used both large and small . 
very easily adjustable . 
mine is a wiggler so it was very necessary . 
it folded up very easily and compactly   2x3x4   . 
glad that i have this for travel -great value for the price ! 
i can see myself using this at our relatives and future vacations.great product ! 
good sun protection , and easy to fold in and out . 
well ... can not have everything . 
well maybe for that price somebody should fit the colors ... 
pros   easy to use , lightweight , simple design . 
plus , it has a cute giraffe pattern . 
just wish the handles were longer ! 
i love these pads . 
you just need to know what they are ... 
they are not burp cloths . 
it is easy to install and put together . 
the transfer from car to stroller is super slick . 
i decided to buy the boon bowl after reading the reviews . 
i do not put it in the dishwasher , i always hand wash it . 
tomato based sauces will stain the blue rim on the bowl . 
a very nice , cotton towel . 
the color and style with the frog , my little man loves . 
he will not take a bath without it . 
it is recommended for 0 - 5 months and i think that is right ! 
we had the other kind of munchkin cup with the flip top lid . 
that kind is much better . 
i am constantly having to loosen the lid 
so the milk will slide back down the straw . 
these are a must for parents with children . 
these are very cute 
love the colors , very girly for my princess ! 
do not put the head rest on until you need it . 
it does n't come back 
out.that being said , i love this seat . 
and i love this company ! 
it 's top rated for safety . 
honestly , i do n't know how anyone could have trouble with installing it . 
it 's very simple , so do n't be intimidated by negative reviews . 
even after we had to install the head rest . 
with the nipple shield , he latched on the second try . 
well , guess how much contact we had with exclusive pumping   none!now 
my kids love to play in the tub . 
the whales has holes drains out the waters . 
we chose the suction cup for flexibility . 
otherwise , floaties are much easier to scoop up with this gaping whale . 
it just opened and clicked . 
we put our son in , and we were shocked - he loved it . 
we were amazed that he liked this but not the fisher price one . 
not once did he cry in it   unless he was tired or hungry . 
he looked so comfortable in it . 
brought it outside while we were eating and every . 
that walked by asked about it and commented how cool it was.totally worth it . 
we ' ve been using our keyfit 30 for 6 months and love it . 
i did n't like it 
and i did n't believe it would comfortable . 
i started researching again and once more ended up looking at the frontier 85 . 
i bought this because on paper , it will clearly last the longest . 
i was really concerned i would hate it and have to send it back . 
but truthfully , i really like it . 
the cowmooflage is super soft and well padded . 
best of all , my son seems super comfortable in it . 
all in all , i am glad i finally decided to buy this seat . 
this is perfect if you have the ikea changer . 
i looked at a used one from a neighbor that was quite questionable . 
so glad we got this ! 
it 's easy to put up and take down ! 
we bought this when we were planning to set up our childcare at home . 
there is a window indicator which will tell you if it is properly installed . 
i love the sponge- it gets to the bottom of the cup better . 
i love how the little brush cleans the tiny cracks better . 
i have been using this on sippy cups also . 
works well ! 
assembly was relatively easy . 
it rode great and i liked the 5 point harness . 
i did notice the straps were rubbing against my 14 month old 's neck . 
i know on other strollers there are padded covers to prevent this . 
i did like the heighth of the stroller . 
i ' m 5'10   and thought the handles fit perfectly . 
i was n't happy with the canopy . 
i tried folding it back , but then it affects the reclining feature . 
overall , i thought this stroller was just okay . 
i ended up returning this stroller . 
it 's a steal for the price and entertainment it has provided him . 
we have a small space and looked for a combination bouncer walker toy etc . 
and based on other reviews , got this . 
it 's easy to carry up and down the stairs 
this is the perfect size for my needs . 
i had a wipes case but it always dried out my wipes . 
this pack is a great set to replace old accesories . 
i like the little case it comes with too . 
saw this handy devise when watching a youtube video on storing breast milk . 
freezing flat makes thawing out much faster . 
also helps me keep them in chronological order . 
and you can not beat the 4-in-1 aspect of this chair . 
the only bad thing i 'll say about this product   
and it 's not enough for me to dock it 
a star   is that 
totally not a deal breaker and i still love this product ! 
i should have heeded all the other reviews . 
i continued with my purchase . 
this is such an utter waste of money . 
this is great for formula . 
the slim design makes it compact and easily transported . 
we have given a skip hop back- 
back to 4 nephews , 2 nieces and our son . 
to carry stuff around the house when little eyes are bigger than little hands . 
to bring valentines into school . 
for kiddie sporting events and the gear involved .   
karate uniforms , little league baseball gloves ... etc . 
i think my son stuffed around 100 trains in his once ... 
they are always a favorite for our family ! 
my little ones does n't eat a feast at lunch 
so it fits a good amount for her 
and there 's usually room for more . 
i put this in the kids konserve beach insulated lunch bag . 
yes it fits . 
this one is way better . 
my daughter loves the turtle design    
it 's easy to clean . 
this works for all types of pacifiers . 
it is so cute for boys or girls . 
we love our booginhead ! 
this is the only changing pad cover we own and use . 
it 's durable and has lasted several washings . 
it does n't stain and it 's soft   think velour . 
it 's easy to put on and take off the changing pad . 
i like the gender neutral design . 
i like better.there is also no parent cupholder on this stroller . 
fun to make bathtub slip - proof . 
we needed 2 to cover 70   of our bathtub . 
i have the baby seat for my daughter 
and i bought this to follow because of such high safety ratings . 
i like that the headrest has extra cushions on both sides of the head . 
the more protection around your babies head , the better . 
this is the best potty . 
it stays really clean because it 's just one piece of shaped plastic . 
also the splash guard is important , even for girls . 
the other potty leaked out the front . 
could n't have asked for a better baby 's first halloween costumer ! 
i 'll always keep it in our memory box . 
fit wonderfully . 
this is not a soft fabric . 
but i was expecting a softer fabric to nurse my baby on . 
almost 6 months old   
so she does n't really chew on it the way 
she does her other teethers . 
even through her mouth is bigger , she still does n't love this teether . 
these washcloths are really nice . 
they 're nice and thin 
so it 's easy to wipe baby 's face , body , and butt . 
however , i like using this better b c 
i feel like i have a little bit more control . 
they 're also nice and soft 
so i know that i ' m not irritating my baby 's skin . 
these have been working great for diaper changes as well . 
the cherry bloom bag is very nice and i love the colors . 
they were just as described . 
the only thing i would like is for it to be a little larger . 
other than that it is such a nice bag . 
i searched for the small sensory balls everywhere but could n't find them 
but i thought these would be pretty good . 
these are about the size of an orange . 
when the box arrived and we opened it , he just walked away . 
months later , he still does not play with them . 
i just wish they had them in the smaller size . 
mattress fits perfectly in our standard pack n play . 
these have worked fine . 
it is easy to clean and my baby seems very comfortable in it . 
the reason for 3 stars it due to the difficulty of reclining . 
i could recline but it does take some effort . 
we love this bassinet . 
my wife learned about the co - sleeper shortly after having our third child . 
she wishes we would have had it for all thee . 
sure enough , they 're a complete hit ! 
i am a certified technician and have tried many many convertible car seats . 
and i ' ve been very pleased . 
clek 's customer service is also excellent . 
this is easily one of the top 2 seats i have tried . 
i am very pleased . 
i just love this locks ! ! 
i have a 1 year old and he opens all the cabinets .. 
we bought this magnet lock and they are soo good ! ! 
not that easy to put on because you really have to measure exactly each end 
so it fits perfect ! 
baby is happy in the bouncer while mom sneaks in a much needed shower . 
it soothes , keeps baby interested , and frees up my arms . 
not just once , but many times . 
i am not using one because he would pee and poop on it 
and i just can not keep up with washing . 
the material is holding pretty well without a cover anyway . 
i love it has 4 wall instead of 2 wall only on his sides . 
i think it 's worth the extra penny . 
so i found this one and thought it was worth a try . 
and he 's a good imitator monkey , 
it takes some coordination to lift both levers at the same time . 
and i do n't see anything . 
i think this is a great option and works well . 
they 're fantastic . 
it is natural rubber 
and i was told that it is latex free . 
i also love that it 's made from a natural material . 
the pacifiers i used as a baby back in 1980 look nearly identical . 
i ' ve tried offering it to her a few times 
and she just chews on it a bit and tosses it aside .   
we have several different colors and have been so pleased with this product . 
i 'd recommend having at least 2 bags when using cloth diapers . 
i just received this and put it on our baby trend deluxe playard . 
it fits perfect in our playard . 
there are no gaps between the mattress and the playard for us . 
we have gone to theme parks , the zoo , parades , everywhere really . 
it is also easy to use for both me and my husband . 
he feels secure and so do i. 
i am so glad that we made this investment . 
i love these swaddles - they take the guess work out . 
not fun ! 
this was perfect ! 
it 's so easy . 
when it became a little cooler , we zipped a sleep sac over it . 
worked great ! would recommend this product to new parents ! 
these are not worth the money- at all . 
they barely had much effect . 
i found this sling so incredibly uncomfortable . 
in my opinion it 's unsafe and uncomfortable and very hard to adjust . 
i returned mine after using it once . 
i love the be quick . 
it is the perfect size for lots of things in my diaper bag . 
i own about 10 of them to keep all my bags organized . 
it makes finding everything in my diaper bag easy 
or i can just grab one and go   
i ' m a petite 38c 
- d and i ' m wearing the small right now for size comparison . 
i prefer the regular over the petite because the regular gives me more coverage 
i ' m 
not so cold.if 
these are perfect for keeping furniture clean . 
never know when a poosplosion will happen . 
they launder well without a lot of pilling . 
no surprises here . 
they are screw rings . 
the suction cup is solid . 
even holds up when toys are heavy with water . 
seems well thought out    made . 
however , it does not have a snack holder . 
i bought this to use with the first years ignite stroller . 
it screws on fine to the side bar , but does slide around sometimes . 
it also pops off each time i fold down the stroller . 
but it gets the job done . 
it has 7 height adjustments . 
so the high priority for us was an easy to clean chair . 
it fits the bill . 
as i mentioned , the tray is dish - washable . 
the other problem for some people may be the size . 
this is a nice set of inexpensive sippy cups . 
they withstand loads of dishwasher cleanings and the colors are fun . 
as such , these cups are not spill proof . 
they also drip drip drip drip drip from the spout part . 
probably my biggest disappointment about this line of products is the name .   
take and toss .   
let 's just create more waste ! 
these cups are great and can last a really long time . 
avent bottles are one of the best out there . 
handy and easy to clean . 
they protect your baby from getting gas while he eats . 
you will notice the difference in a few weeks . 
f. the unit was on for about 6 minutes until the water all vaporized . 
if you have dogs you need to be careful where this gets left . 
this is a highly appealing toy to dogs due to how awesome it squeaks.2 . 
do not submerge in water or the squeak stops working for a while . 
i think we got water in it once trying to clean it 
and it stopped squeaking- 
but it eventually dried out and squeaks fine again . 
so it 's a possibility . 
people would have to seat over part of it , no kidding . 
i read complaints about this gray material staining the surface underneath ... 
if it happens i 'll update this review for sure . 
i would recommend it . 
i really try to avoid purchasing baby products that are polyester . 
my daughter absolutely loves laying on this and staring at the animals . 
and it 's really not necessary to keep a baby happy . 
and how many failed baby products can you say both about ? 
frankly , a tumble or two after i first hung 
styling   adorable ! insanely precious ! 
would that all products for kids could ... 
these things are ridiculously large . 
it looks like parachute underwear ! 
m sorry to say we never ended up using them . 
these spouts are okay . 
my son did n't like the hard sippy cups 
so these were a great next step . 
its amazing for the hip carry and newborn hold . 
i think the newer ones have lower back support now though .... 
and i could see how alot of people would have trouble w   that . 
very balanced unlike w   the hotsling or other slings . 
but i still do love our hotsling for its conveneince , 
air flow material   
this product works fairly well . 
i think that it tickles as it sucks . 
the music is also a great distractor . 
i bought this tub for my friend 
and she said it was a terrible product . 
the sling was poorly made and the sprayer broke after 5 uses . 
at least that does n't break . 
i tried these pads first after being so happy with other avent products . 
unlike other avent products these pads are barely passable for the job . 
after many leaks with these i switched to lansinoh pads . 
big enough for two pacifiers   even soothies , sturdy and brightly colored . 
easy to find in purse or diaper bag . 
closes tightly ... 
it 's a little hard for me to open , but hubby has no problem 
, so it 's probably just because it 's new . 
good idea , good execution . 
this would be a great little item to decorate a shower gift with . 
i love how there is n't a space inbetween the rail and the mattress . 
i did not have much milk so brought this 
so .. i was excited to try this . 
34 ooh , look a monster !   
that was our first try and it was n't bad . 
after he started eating , he stopped messing with it .   
super soft and well constructed . 
i think it 's much more plush than the carters velour sheet . 
these travel caps are great . 
they sell replacement ones . 
i love this bra . 
i wish that i had known about it with my first . 
wonderful ! ! ! 
i can not recommend this enough for the working mom . 
greatest baby item we ' ve bought ! ! ! 
my little boy is 2 months old and is sooo happy in our ergo ! 
and we still love our ergo ! ! 
it 's my favorite baby item . 
i breastfeed him in it too ! 
it 's awesome . 
i can make dinner while he is in there eating away ! 
hands free for me ! 
highly recommend . 
also , absolutely no back pain or strain ! 
feels great ! 
my family was displaced . 
i purchased this to fit into the baby play pen at the hotel . 
it fits great and my son is sleeping well . 
our 2 year old daughter did n't like the generic seat 
she is very petite and had to spread her legs wide to avoid it . 
3 of these for the price was a great value . 
we like them ! 
see well made and fairly durable ! 
after two diaper changes with these liners the rash was gone . 
they are very absorbent . 
i would highly recommend these in addition to whatever cloth diaper you choose . 
the package also includes the mattress 
but it 's too thin , 
so i recommend you to get 50 coin mattress by davinci . 
it fits perfectly and looks so comfy for the baby . 
we gon na use this crib until our baby is 12 months old . 
the pail liner has worked great with my cloth diapers . 
bough this for my grandson 
and he absolutely loves it . 
it is one of his favorites now that he is teething . 
this bed is perfect for travel . 
it will fit in your large suitcase    is n't overly heavy . 
had its own little canvas carry bag    is super easy to set up . 
used it for my four year old on a recent trip to florida    
she loved her own pink    purple bed . 
the ice pack is not rugged at all . 
i do n't recommend this item at all . 
this one keeps the drawers and cabinets more closed . 
mine did too . 
otherwise i 'd be writing a good review . 
it 's only ink after all . 
must just be bad quality control and or storage . 
i love them but they are tricky to apply perfectly . 
i do recommend them . 
we ahve them all , the birds , the owl and tree and the savanna 
i was n't able to use them but a week with my newborn 
and he was on the small side when born . 
they are super cute and soft after washing . 
i will just have to find another use for them other than swaddling . 
a diaper sack   however 
, we use these for every one of my son 's dirty diapers . 
much more pleasant . 
we purchased 2 newborn - size halo swaddle sleepsacks . 
one was solid blue fleece and this was the other . 
i loved the dog print material ! 
my only wish is that the sizing was consistent . 
otherwise , it 's a great product and my newborn never slept without it ! 
the beauty of this toy is that kids have fun with it . 
firstly , the little driver that comes with the truck . 
he is too big and will promptly get stuck . 
you can try my wife 's preferred option   hide it 
these are great for teething babes ! ! 
they clean up nicely in the dishwasher . 
highly recommend . 
love it ! 
it fits almost anywhere you put it ! 
hoping daughter will like the texture . 
seems like a good concept . 
when i got this bag i was shocked at how large it was . 
it has lots of pockets and the hooks for the stroller are simply marvelous ! 
it cleans well too . 
but that 's just me . 
but we make it work ! 
overall a great bag to haul a lot of stuff ! 
also , the third , middle , stage , is not necessary . 
these are great . 
my 9 month old loves this toy ! 
she likes for me to put the shapes in and watch them spill out ... 
our infant   
the problem is , she tends to feed right before our dinner time . 
meaning they can sit directly into the chair without the booster .    
while it has n't   yet , i took the initiative of researching more . 
it seems that this will scratch up your floors from the back legs . 
the plastic will wear down over time and that 's when the damage starts . 
no chance for this chair to scratch up my wood floors!- no wheel lock . 
not sure if it would have been a safety hazard , 
thanks amazon ! 
we finally noticed that there was absolutely no hole in the nipple ! ! ! 
we immediately tossed that nipple and put these bottles away.once 
they work great now . 
brown 's bottles over these , though , especially the wide neck ones . 
they are expensive , but i have been nothing but pleased with them . 
it only fits standard plugs- like a vacuum plug , or radio . 
i am just starting to purchase cloth diapers . 
i have bought fuzzibunz , romparooz , kawaii , alvababy , bumgenius4.0 and elemental . 
these are my absolute favorite ! 
the pocket is perfect and easy to use . 
they are expensive but they are so worth it ! 
the sizing on the elastic is the easiest method by far for beginner 
and you do nt have to deal with as many straps . 
although , i do nt anticipate having to because they are such high quality . 
this fit the bill . 
does it have all of the bells and whistles the bugaboo does ? 
of course not . 
i ' m not really sure what the purpose of it is , 
, for the reason i bought this , i am happy . 
this is a great item . 
my baby boy sleeps in here during the day mostly . 
its very light - weight which make it easy to carry on trips etc . 
wish there was a variety of colors . 
i have n't used these as diapers or inserts    
they are so soft and absorbent ! 
i would definitely recommend these to anyone ! 
i bought the bib    the onsie tux 
and i ' m glad i did . 
baby 's have bibs on so much of the time 
it does n't say medela outside 
so nobody would know its a pump 
i do n't like -wish 
i use a mix of pocket diapers and inserts . 
it washes well with the diaper load . 
it has also survived months of drying as well.the zipper keeps in the smell . 
i love this high chair for my son . 
i hate the stop and go latch on the top . 
you can not move this chair while holding a baby . 
they should really reconsider fixing the stop and go latch on the next model . 
my 10 week old daughter loves this mobile . 
she laughs and talks to the mobile as it slowly spins around . 
it 's really colorful and looks like something out of a dr . 
suess book . 
it 's more firm by a lot than my soft mattress from ikea . 
my daughter slept on it just like normal . 
no complaints . 
just like the others i got it rigged up 
very interesting idea ! 
it 's a serta so the quality is fantastic . 
, we got it in 2 days ! 
this is a great cup to transition from bottle to sippy cup . 
but as others mentioned- you get what you pay for . 
infants are picky ... 
all because of the skirt 
! we purchased our table from crate and barrel 
and it has a 3   skirt . 
well , we did . 
we looked at the lobster , the meeto and finally we found this one . 
my granddaughter would hug the giraffe but was n't much interested in the pacifier . 
i have two of these , and they are great . 
they have maintained their shape quite well even through heavy use . 
i definitely would recommend this changing pad . 
my infant loves this mat ! 
the cover was dry but the fitted was full . 
i ' m back here to buy more . 
this is definitely going to be my go - to night time 
diaper.i would n't use this diaper for daytime use simply because of the bulk . 
so i had to return it 
my little one loved this one ' till he was about a year old . 
great toy for the car ! 
the brush is great . 
it is slender , which makes it easier to fit in the bottles . 
seems like yet another cheap imported piece of junk charger . 
we have almost every type of digital product motorola makes and love them . 
, we 're definitely not replacing it with another motorola unit . 
so this was pretty much a   250 investment down the drain . 
really disappointed and now having to look for a new video monitor system . 
sturdy chair , straps securely to kitchen chair . 
also he loves the toys . 
these turn brown no matter what 
but i love my warmer . 
i find that 7th generation wipes are awesome with it - they always pop up 
this chair provides a comfortable , secure , and clean chair . 
you can not really remove any of the fabric to wash it . 
great quality too . 
my son really likes this toy . 
we ' ve stopped using it since i realized it is n't bpa free . 
over fun toy 
i was so excited about using this when my son was born . 
it is huge ! 
this does what is says    is pretty comfortable . 
just a pain to carry around    put on . 
the inside pages are pretty plain- 
no decorations , but you can really make it look nice . 
m happy with this purchase and recommend the product . 
what a shame and a waste of money . 
i love the nipple sippy cup top on this . 
it 's good for my son who does n't like bottles . 
he can easily grip and lift it to his mouth . 
it 's cute that it has a rounded bottom 
so it bobbles around while staying pretty much upright . 
i researched lots of different strollers . 
i love this stroller , i can not say enough positive things about it . 
i love that it glides so smoothly and that it lays almost flat . 
i was worried about my diaper bag fitting under the stroller but it does . 
this stroller is also beautiful . 
this solves that problem . 
it 's a phenominal tool for parents . 
we have tried medela , avent , and playtex . 
like these the best because of airflow feature and larger volume . 
our two month old can take 6 oz easily . 
i love this diaper , it 's high quality and easy on off ... 
but it 's seriously small . 
lucky for me both my babies have been just barely above 6 lbs at birth 
so i get a few months of use . 
this keeps bottles cold all day . 
i have dr . 
brown 's bottles and it will only fit two tall bottles . 
however , it serves its purpose . 
they 're the best . 
we have two for wash days and i could n't live without them . 
i love this mirror . 
but i wanted it anyway.the mirror also entertains my son . 
he is at the age where his reflection fascinates him . 
it 's not a miracle worker 
... it does nt hit his face , just his torso . 
i like tht it gently fades in and out 
but yes , it 's 
too dim.i struggle a little w the remote control . 
it 's a great function 
but i rly have to point correctly , 
this was the cheapest cover i bought and also my favorite . 
i would buy more of this brand in the future . 
this is so convenient , i take it 
every where i go 
i have invertible nipples and that was the best invention 
i tell all my friend about ir because it saved me from pain . 
i love it sooooo much ! ! ! 
we bought a chico 3-in-1 playpen portacrib . 
get something upstairs etc . 
it 's so superior to the chico it 's not even funny . 
, it 's huge , you can put a much older kid in it 
and they 'll be happy fine . 
we have thelamaze space symphony motion gym . 
the thing is also ridiculously sturdy . 
mine had no odor . 
overall i find joovy products to be pretty good quality . 
this is perfect ! ! 
would definitely recommend . 
it is 4 large squares , measures 4feet x 4 feet when put together . 
stays together and love the green and brown color . 
i 'd buy it again ! 
this is great . 
it 's so soft no matter how many times i wash it . 
i wish i would have bought two of these . 
this seat fits great in my 2008 toyota highlander hybrid . 
i have also installed it in a nissan versa . 
i love the high weight harness . 
my 5-year - old son will probably out grow it by height before weight . 
this is so cute and cuddly . 
i wish my little guy would take to it more . 
he 's not terribly attached , but i am . 
it is so amazingly soft . 
i have used both the brush and the comb on our newborn . 
he is 4 months old and he seamlessly switched to the new nipples . 
they do get a little stained when he is eating solids and drinking 
but i think that is to be expected . 
by that time the nipples look like they need replacing anyway . 
very happy with the purchase . 
this is a great , cheap and convenient stroller . 
my son loves it and i have no major issues with it . 
best for the price . 
this gate is great . 
it is super sturdy , crazy easy to mount , and nice quality . 
you really can not go wrong ! 
nothing spectacular . 
i have to say that this is a great seat . 
he enjoys playing with the toys that come with it on the blue tray . 
the tray is n't easy enough for him to move , but i expected 
that based on other reviews . 
this is much better than a bumbo seat ! ! ! 
this toy has been a savior for me . 
my son loves it . 
he will sit with it and shake the rattle and examine the little soft webbing 
but as yet i ' ve not caught him looking at the caterpillar . 
i ' m sooo glad that i bought this item . 
it never stinks . 
it holds many more diapers than the average diaper can disposal system . 
i only change it every week and a half to two weeks . 
it took me about 90 days to use up my first refill . 
most important ! 
refills are only available in babies 
r us or at babies r us online . 
i accidentally bought   diaper dekor   refills . 
oops ! had to exchange them . 
this did n't really fit around the crib that we have . 
it did n't reach all the way around . 
so we used it for less than a month and then stopped . 
over time , this will really add up - what a waste . 
this is one baby item 
i ' m returning asap . 
the bibs are excellent quality and fit a 6 month plus baby . 
with the plastic liner on the inside it can be used with either side . 
plan to order more in the future for my baby sitter . 
this is a very sweet frame with a very nice finish . 
i bought i love daddy 
very cute ! 
awesome jumper ! 
we love it !   
so after reading through reviews , we bought the fisher - price rainforest jumperoo . 
not sure why 
but he seems to have an easier time playing with the rainforest one.- 
blocks uv rays rather well 
, for the area it covers   see below .con 's --relatively 
small   unless you 're driving a subcompact 
this seat has worked very well for our 25-month - old boy . 
perhaps the next version can offer an expanded splashguard . 
i still think this seat is very much worth buying . 
saves so much trips to the sink to rinse them ! ! 
highly recommend ! ! 
i just leave them where they are 
and they do a terrific job ! 
this seat is worth every penny ! 
this was definitely worth it ! 
i wish they made a regular stroller . 
the stroller base holds up to all kinds of bumps and jumps without fail . 
i never worry about being able to walk over anything . 
the wheels swivel perfectly . 
it 's also light weight and the storage underneath has been more than handy ! 
we put groceries down there and never worry about them being too heavy ! 
we just received these for our daughters bed . 
she slept with them last night 
and she did fine . 
they are long enough to extend almost the whole bed . 
oh , i was so wrong . 
all the faces should be high contrast which is what infants prefer . 
but this is only a minor point . 
overall , great ! 
awesome briefcase can hold all of baby 's paperwork . 
i used these for my teething daughter . 
they are a great value and are great quality . 
this is very nice to have but not essential . 
i was a first time cloth diapering mom when i bought these . 
this pump is super - easy to use and clean . 
it is very effective at expressing . 
it does fit into a purse or diaper bag . 
i think all it was a bad valve . 
when i used the spare valve , it worked fine again . 
when you see this pump in person you will say    is this all 
there is to it ?   
yes ! ! 
that 's what i love about it ! 
nice colorful mirror . 
this tore in the center the very first night i used it . 
there is an awful , hard seam because of the angle . 
they were flattened into the rest of the pillow within 3 - 4 days . 
sad , waste of my money . 
this monitor gets bad interference ! 
very buzzy with static ! 
i would not recommend it . 
i gave it 2 stars because it 's super affordable ... 
this book was just as cute as i thought it would be 
he loves that the little fish move . 
this playard is much superior to the graco ones . 
the bassinet is super soft and sturdy . 
would definitely recommend this product . 
it is a must have for a new baby . 
the pillow , however , is a bit smaller than i expected . 
i suppose that i should have looked more closely at the measurements before ordering . 
kinda a waste of money 
it is incredibly sturdy and covers almost the entire length of his bed . 
it was simple to assemble and install   
i ' m naturally blonde and did it myself in 20 minutes 
i really like this tub for my sitting baby . 
i clean her thoroughly with wipes before each bath , so 
it seems to be permanently stained . 
i love this brush . 
however , they are not durable at all . 
i ' ve gone through 2 in 3 months   
i bathe my son every 2 days . 
i curl the snoogle like a donut 
curl the snoogle up under my legs . 
needing extra back and stomach support while lounging on the couch ? 
and i have a feeling 
i 'll find even more uses for it after this baby is born . 
at first i have to say i hated these . 
i was used to being able to snappi my prefolds . 
so they went into my misfit diaper drawer . 
so i brought these back out . 
they are much thinner than regular prefolds , but still very absorbant . 
i fold them so they flare out at the butt and narrow up front . 
they fit well inside a medium thirsties cover . 
i love these bags- 
my daughter is addicted to dinosaurs and loves this mat . 
it is great quality for a good price and i could n't be happier . 
these spoons are perfect for babies just starting solids . 
they are light weight , easy to hold small amounts of pur eacute ed food 
and i love that they are dishwasher safe . 
but these are my issues with it - 
like other reviewers have mentioned , i do not think it is accurate . 
i think the baby monitor shows the true temperature as it matches the aircon unit 
if the lamp is on , this affects the thermometer . 
like 68 degrees , for example . 
to be honest 
so this is better than nothing . 
for now . 
this is a little different . 
a topper would really help . 
we have a standard size and shape toilet seat . 
the same unfortunate pee situation never happens with that seat . 
my wife and i , love the sheepfor 
my new baby born i m so happy . 
thank you so much donna 
we bought this for our 18 month old son for his first flight . 
the front compartment is larger than i expected and there are side pockets too . 
our son loved the design   the monkey   and it traveled well . 
can not someone engineer a pouring system for these bags ? 
for the price , medela should really come up with something better . 
they are great ! 
they keep our daughter warm . 
pretty cool . 
that its totally safe 
perhaps i should have read the description better . 
these blankets are very small . 
my newborn was 9lbs 7 oz and these barely wrapped around him . 
also , they are not symmetrical . 
i feel like this company just used scraps of material to make these blankets . 
i ' m not experienced in the world of toddler cups ... 
this is the first straw cup we ' ve used . 
so it 's totally useless now . 
hope the new one lasts a lot longer . 
i love these decals . 
there are enough in this package to cover 3 different areas of our nursery . 
i love this stroller . 
we also purchased the infant car seat attachment which works great for us . 
it 's worth purchasing a parent console that attaches to the handle    
i bought a   10 one and it works like a charm . 
the decline future is awesome when baby wants to take a nap . 
m glad i bought it . 
i ' m pretty annoyed with the poor quality . 
kudos for treating customers well ! 
i ' m hopeful the replacement diaper changer bag holds up . 
i got this for my granddaughter 
she is 18 months old . 
this is it . 
but she fell in love at 1st sight . 
that 's in addition to the combination seat   a seat that is harnessed 
both guides work extremely well . 
, it simply just sits on the vehicle seat . 
comfort   while i can squeeze myself into some booster seats 
they do n't seem to like the wings . 
the seat pan depth could become a problem . 
just be prepared that your 7-or-8-year - old might outgrow the seat by height . 
i tried it on our crib mattress for size and it fit great . 
i then washed the sheets in cold water and dried them - 
wow are they super snug now ! 
i had to do some serious pulling to get the sheet on the mattress . 
i will be trying out other sheet options . 
looked good in the pic , hence bought it . 
very poor quality . 
did not even withstand 1 wash dry - got very pilly and unusable . 
while folded it is a rectangular shape of 6x4x3 . 
not quite what i was going for . 
i like this sleepsack . 
it 's soft , and not too thick and not too thin . 
my son sleeps really well in it . 
extremely happy with the product itself . 
so my lil ' man has a very pink grooming set . 
otherwise , great buy for the rice ! 
this pail is great bc you do n't have to buy expensive refills ... 
i just save and re - use plastic bags . 
i feel the poo pee smells are in the plastic now . 
but it does keep the smells contained as long as the lid is shut . 
i also put baking soda in the bottom to help absorb odors . 
endures many washes . 
this is a great invention . 
my six month old insists on feeding himself . 
this tool is great to help him out . 
we use it when he 's really impatient and does n't want the spoon . 
we love it and plan on purchasing the bigger one at a later time . 
thanks for a wonderful product ! 
we wanted a baby monitor that would give us some peace of mind . 
when this monitor came into vine , we decided to try it . 
the package arrived in a big long box . 
inside were 2 boxes --   62   amazon simplified packaging . 
the part that goes on the baby to monitor its breathing is called oma . 
we really like it . 
it is kind of cool because we really like watching the baby . 
this monitor allows us to do exactly that . 
so it would really show us the baby.i recommend this baby monitor 
but i am sure there are other cheaper options around 
but you get what you pay for . 
wish i had it sooner ! 
it is definitely wind resistant and light rain resistant . 
not for heavy rain . 
keeps her very warm and comfy . 
love these ! 
we ' ve actually made the switch to cloth diapering full time . 
you could also easily use these to stuff pocket diapers . 
we went with cloth diapers and these bags have been great so far . 
we wash them with our diapers , however ... 
i would recommend not drying them in the dryer . 
they dry quickly if you just hang them up . 
all in all i am very pleased with these bags . 
it fits a pampers wipe holder just fine . 
and she had so much room to grow into this . 
and very easy to clean . 
my son absolutely loves the turtle from the same series . 
first the stomach button does not work . 
i really like this cover ! 
is the fit . 
x 3   . 
this narrow cover fits it ok 
reclines fully , so you can use it right away.2 . 
easy to fold and unfold.3 . 
pretty light , considering the full recline feature.4 . 
easy to handle.cons 1 . 
there has got to be a better way!!3 . 
adjusting the sun shade and straps is more complicated that it needs to be.4 . 
think the bottom line is that 
it will do . 
at least this one was moderately priced and can be used right away . 
i do n't regret this purchase 
but it was n't a long lasting toy . 
great for what it is . 
i exclusevely breastfeed my baby and work full time . 
she only breastfeeds once a day   in the morning , other than that 
she will not latch because she 's so used to the bottle . 
last week i called the company and they had great customer service , 
my pump was having some malfunctions 
so they said they would mail me a new one right away . 
well , today my pump died while i was pumping at work . 
i have a freezer stash 
otherwise i 'd be out of luck ! 
but still no pump in the mail 
i like this brush out of all the other bottle brushes . 
i did n't need to add anything else . 
however , the storage space is a little tight . 
this is so cute and a lifesaver in the car . 
my 12 month old loves making the giraffe 's neck go up and down . 
the toy is wooden which is my son 's favorite material to chew on . 
i love this dispenser ! 
i had high hopes for this cooler but ended up returning it . 
it will fit three dr . 
browns bottles across and two tommee tippe bottles . 
and my son is only 31 lb right now , about 3 foot high . 
so we 're not talking giant here . 
we did not buy it . 
we looked at evenflo maestro and britax frontier ... and we bought britax . 
go to the babies r us and try ! 
bought this for a recent flight to keep my 6 month old occupied . 
he liked it a lot 
and it was the perfect size for carrying on . 
i would buy it again -- it would make a good baby gift . 
not sure if this works but my daughter 's symptoms deescalated briefly after wearing . 
i bought these because after having my dr . 
however , why is dr . 
so i did ... not to mention how much those bottles leak ! 
i love it and its very easy to clean . 
i do wish it was larger , so i bought two ! 
we go on picnics all summer and this is great ! 
, i would buy it in a heartbeat . 
this sized blanket can comfortably seat 2 adults with picnic meals . 
so far so good hope they hold up the baby loves them 
i would recomend them to all with new babys 
we bought a sugarbooger backpack for our son when he started preschool . 
it 's the perfect carrying size , and our son loves it . 
i read all the reviews and must have researched for weeks prior to buying . 
we tried a regular garbage can and that was awful ! ! 
no smell ever ! 
i know this is a little pricey but waayyyyyu worth it . 
i originally started off with the boppy which was just not working for me . 
it made breast feeding so much easier . 
i really wish i would have had this from the start . 
next time , i will know to use this from the start ! 
i have also recommended it to all of my first time mom friends . 
this is absolutely adorable ! 
i love that the front folds down to avoid the umbilical cord stump . 
they are very tiny though and 
they 're not super soft 
but it 's a natural fiber , which is nice . 
i ordered this base on all the other reviews . 
good bathtub toys for infants and toddlers . 
these are good quality and have lasted for over a year with no problems . 
i would n't buy this again . 
i expected a much higher quality piece than i recieved . 
ie   dangerous eating size pieces . 
so you do n't have to ram things in the under carriage . 
i promise you will not be disappointed with this stroller ! 
when we registered for a monitor we debated getting one with video and or 
we ' ve been very happy . 
we are happy without it , though now that he is a little more active 
my son refused to put any teether in his mouth if it had been frozen 
but he did enjoy chewing on them and playing with them . 
but , they 're rather tight . 
these worked great , fit my honda crv back windows perfectly . 
this baby monitor is great . 
i love it so much . 
i had the summer infant camera and it does n't compare to this one . 
the quality is great and the movement of the camera is so useful . 
i will be purchasing more cameras when i need it . 
the handset is not flimsy like the summer infant handset . 
it also has service bars 
so you know when you are going too far from the camera . 
the lullaby music is also a great feature . 
this is the best camera out there . 
i wish they sold one that did that 
love love love these swaddles ! 
they kept my baby nice and snug all night . 
he 's found his thumb now 
this helped relieved some anxiety during the first few months . 
so , at 3 30am you 're trying to toss out a diaper cover 
and it invariably bounces to the floor because the hamper is slumped shut . 
you will not have to worry about strangulation or dirty binky . 
it 's nice having the footpedal 
kinda useless ..... 
the whole head part is 
no bristles   that surprised me ... and its tiny ! 
i was expecting something much larger but its half the size of my hand .... 
they were listed as 5-ply .   
they went back immediately . 
what a waste ! 
i bought this monitor in addition to a video monitor 
so i could use it in different room . 
i like the features . 
the price is n't bad either . 
i recommend it . 
great to have when you 're eating out 
there is adhesive on all four sides so it does n't move around , 
the bright colors keep him engaged , and it 's biodegradable . 
the opening is quite narrow . am sending back and getting a different one . 
my daughter even commented on that fact . 
but she hated being in there . 
she 's now 3 weeks old and she still hates it . 
and i hate being the party pooper 
it feels like a real blanket would 
this was very useful when i first got it 
and it worked . 
are just starting out 
and we are n't really full time training yet . 
it turns out that right now at a store ... 
erm ... who 's logo is a red bullseye ... 
this potty is only nine cents more than it is on here   update ! 
i also looked at thebabybjorn potty chair , whitein red 
and it is a bit smaller 
so i almost bought it instead . 
when she 's a little taller this should not be a problem . 
the orange pot lifts out of the green base for easy disposal . 
it does stick a bit sometimes and you have to wiggle it out . 
or you can put some vaseline on the underside so it does n't stick . 
my solution to this was to put it on a rubber bathmat . 
after a few months of use i 'll check back in with more . 
and we have n't had any problems with it . 
we are trying a more relaxed version of the 3 day method . 
we have the ouap dvd , book , and doll . 
so i knew the system would work . 
she is now about 29 lbs and almost 35 in tall . 
apparently not . 
i know it does n't hurt 
we are also doing a sticker chart for when she goes potty 
and she is loving that . 
i also showed her some panties that are for when she is done potty training 
and she thinks they are the coolest ever . 
i let her wear some one day 
she asks if she can wear her panties instead . 
looking forward to the day when i can say yes!hopefully this helps some of you 
other mom 's out there ! 
i love bumgenius cloth diapers . 
i love the colors which are brighter then the pictures show . 
if your new to cloth diapers these are a great starter for you . 
this little device is colorful and fun and the toddlers love it . 
all the therapists use them but especially ot and speech . 
even the straps come clean in the washer . 
trips to laction consultants later 
and i found a way , and left this soothie behind . 
so okay binky . 
all of a sudden , none of them would connect to each other . 
very happy with this purchase . 
we have ceramic tile . 
i followed the directions exactly as listed . 
the top part has a shelf which could probably hold 3 shampoo bottles . 
nice sleek design too . 
yes , refills are expensive . 
the second i took it out of the box 
34 i like this   34 ! ! 
sold!a good mixture of quality fabric , lightweight , and ergonomic design . 
it even has the new latch system for safety . 
got this for a few different uses . 
we also use it on the weekends for outings since he is potty training 
i can even wear it comfortably   granted i am petite . 
our toddler 's friends also have the other animals . 
we love the cup holder on the side for his sippy cup . 
get this bag , you wo nt regret it ! ! 
funbites square is a great item for your little ones ! 
no sharp edges to hurt your little ones and easy to use . 
clean up is a breeze ! 
this 6 pack of luvable friends baby burp cloths are excellent . 
they are very convenient and useful for feeding time . 
yes , this is a great purchase . 
it was really good in helping us discern his cries in the beginning . 
this little gadget did it for us . 
it is especially helpful at night . 
there is a little button that lights up the screen 
our daughter did not like being in the harness . 
she would just fight it 
so we just bought her thehape wonder walkerand 
plus the walker is really a work of art in our eyes . 
it is simple and beautifully crafted at the same time . 
i should contact them to fix the problem . 
it was pretty loud sometimes and would startle us . 
the set is super cute , and easy to match with other decor items . 
the sheet fits my mattress snugly . 
also , the wheels do not lock , which is dangerous . 
these things are so super handy ! 
my baby is 9 months old . 
this product is amazing . 
i just follow my baby around the house and allow him to explore it . 
my whole family loves it ! 
this sippy cup is the best ! 
this cup is perfect . 
i have never had a problem with leaking and it is great for beginners . 
it is a well made cup , worth the price . 
we did a hard install on the bottom step of the stairs . 
initially this gate seemed perfect and easy for me to use . 
i wish i had n't purchased this gate . 
6 - 9 months 
i love everything else about it . 
not the case with this toy ! 
and it 's been worth every penny . 
it is a bit snug for fitting the car seat in 
if you travel with this car seat this is a must have accessory . 
i found a similar crib skirt at pb for three times the price . 
this crib skirt looks just as good on our crib ! 
i also have washed it many times 
and it still looks great . 
it is very wrinkly after shipping and washing though 
so i usually iron it to give it a cleaner look . 
my son like this banana very much . 
he cried because of he was teething until he got it . 
i recommend it . 
i have twins and am constantly washing bottles . 
these are great ! 
we ' ve reordered three times . 
love them ! 
we use these on top of our changing pad . 
even on top of the changing pad cover . 
we have 3 or 4 different ones 
they also work well in the bassinet or even in bed . 
we really love this car seat . 
we purchased the cowmooflage model and the fabric is so soft . 
our daughter just loves this seat . 
my 6'2   husband can have the seat back comfortably . 
i also thought the instructions are almost too detailed   
i found them a little hard to follow . 
we are happy with this purchase . 
this chair made my daughter feels eating out as comfortable as eating at home . 
.this is great to have ! 
compared with other gates i ' ve tried , this is the best . 
when i received this item i was excited . 
i am totally dissatisfied . 
this is the first item i have ever received from amazon in this state . 
this item is now useless as the steam will obviously not be sealed inside . 
my kids love this set . 
its easy for little hands to hold and hold up better then plastic 
so i am a happy mom 
my 5 month old daughter loves her sophie the giraffe toy ! 
this toy is absolutely wonderful in every way . 
we have tried just about everything it seems . 
first , any chair with cushions are going to give you nightmares on cleaning . 
just got tired of taking the damn thing apart to wash down . 
food gets down into every crack on other chairs . 
your babies does n't need to be   that   comfortable . 
full high chairs take up so much damn 
room.this seat is the way to go . 
first , goes on a chair , very simple design . 
and really , this is n't everytime you feed . 
i normally just wipe out fast and boom , ready to go . 
for a sahd with three kids , i need fast and easy . 
my baby boy loves this book . 
he plays with it a lot . 
i got it a few months ago , but it still looks brand new . 
it 's very easy to clean too . would definitely recommend ! 
sturdy and attractive . 
i do not use cloth diapers exclusively 
the only issue i have with the bag is the small , metal zippers . 
they are holding up fine right now 
but i fear that they may break with continued use . 
it was basic and it was great . 
it 's not overly annoying 
but it 's not something i 'd forsee using in my house . 
i found the nature sounds to be better than the music . 
the mobile is cute and much nicer to look at than the rainforest model . 
i really dislike the mirrored dome . 
it will give baby a distorted view of him herself . 
the seat pad is gender neutral . 
i prefer gender neutral baby gear 
this is my second levana baby monitor . 
the lila is landscape mode which has a wider horizontal coverage . 
, we put her in it , and she loves it . 
it has a great variety of toys that interest her . 
one switch controls long or short noises , and abcs words or music . 
great feature . highly recommended ! 
i need my parent tray . 
it can be folded with both seats still attached   
i do this with my seats facing each other .the stroller is very adjustable . 
the height of the 5-point - harness is adjustable as well as the canopies . 
my favorite toy . 
my granddaughter , 10 months , and i play with it everyday . 
it is the most creative toy she has . 
there is n't one sippy cup that is the best for every baby . 
my two little ones have very different issues with drinking from cups . 
i tried straw cups , regular sippy cups , etc . 
and always had that issue . 
some reviews say their little ones can not get anything out . 
the cup itself is easy to clean and holds up well . 
to be fair , my guy is a very active and distracted eater . 
.this is the link to the bumkins product . 
little one has to bite the straw and suck at the same time . 
this might not be the best option . 
i think this is a great product . 
it 's so easy to put on ! 
but even if you do n't the carrier is easy washable . 
this is the best money i have spent in a long time . 
he absolutely loves it . 
way , way more fun . 
took a really long time to get in and is pretty tiny . 
good for the price 
but if you need something fast or for a bigger baby order something else . 
i love this . 
i bought it for son for daycare and it could n't be cuter ! 
big enough but not too big for him to carry as he gets older . 
i wish they had stuff like this when i was younger ! 
changing colors add a little bit of magic to bedtime stories . 
the 30-minute time out feature is great . 
hippo and pressing the button over and over 
and it 's slowly flashing into his little brain . 
the clicking sounds pretty loud at night even though it 's not actually loud.but 
it 's a cool little light ! 
i love this item . 
i bought this as well as other items for my granddaughters travel crib . 
there was no place to put her diapers , wipes , creams , etc . 
browns bottles without a fight to push it in . 
it was most hard with the glass bottles , with the other material dr . 
it does , however , rust within a few months . 
we really loved this . 
my son is almost two months old and he still fits in it . 
at first we were worried about not being able to use it . 
we pushed it up all the way to the headboard of our bed . 
this works really well . 
we purchased this because my in - laws have one . 
it works great when we take our 8 month old son to a restaurant . 
we started using it with our son 
we he was just shy of 6 months old . 
it comes with a built in storage bag which is very handy ! 
i do n't understand why the other colors are more expensive though . 
we ' ve gotten many compliments when using this table chair ! 
it 's bipolar scrub brush . 
so .. i gave it awhile and i can say my opinion changed 
, i took a star off making this two stars . 
it lasted a few months but it broke easily . 
not impressed . 
it 's just too flimsy and cheap . 
it made a great first impression tho.so , some worthwhile good advice ? 
one tiny wal mart bottle and the rest are playtex ventaire which i love . 
please , i ' ve bought so many damn brushes ! ! 
just save time and buy the advent one . 
i did really like the stroller too . 
this carseat gets extremely dirty and its very hard to clean . 
i wish i could throw the cover in the wash like my new carseat . 
when we got her out she would be drenched from sweat . 
we are planning of having another really soon . 
this was the worst purchase i made for my daughter . 
it has a changing pad that folds out ... 
perfect for changing the kids while we are out and about . 
a must have bag . 
finally ! one that actually stays put ! 
well done , sassy . 
my baby has played with her giraffe since she was 3 months old . 
it 's her favorite and she smiles whenever she sees or hears it . 
it 's softer than the plastic toys out there and smells faintly sweet . 
my baby   now 5 months   does get tired of it after a while 
- it does n't satisfy her sucking desires quite as much as her pacifier . 
baby 's other favorite toys right now are her pacifier and washcloths . 
and i always need at least 2 with me . 
r us and target are n't the same quality ... 
its like they adjust temperature or something ! 
i have repeatedly used these as a backdrop for photos too ... 
they are so beautiful ! 
i swaddle him tight in 
these   he 's tall and these still work perfectly !   
and he drifts right off to dreamland like magic . 
these are absolutely perfect for my daughters nursery . 
i used the two medium baskets to go under her changing table . 
i used the two big ones in the closet . 
and the other small one in the closet . 
they are so cute and very sturdy for being collapsible . 
i have them both and do n't need anything else ! ' 
i wish i knew that cuz i now have three lol 
all those   20 diaper changing pads are silly . 
it 's very cute and does it 's job . 
my baby also likes to kick at it in the tub . 
i see no difference . 
i would return it but i would only get part of my money back . 
my daughter gets compliments from it 
so i will just keep it . 
we have mostly alva diapers   which we love   
but we also love these diapers ! 
the double open ends make it sooo much easier to get the liners out . 
we double stuff all our diapers and these hold two liners perfectly . 
i bought this for my niece for her 1st bday . 
she loves it and so does her 3 yr old sister . 
but , sometimes simple is best . 
it does n't take up a lot of room and serves its educational purpose . 
i could open the window as well after attaching these . 
totally recommend it if you do n't care so much about the look . 
a great addiditon to our food preparation tools . 
works wonderfully well for avocado - easy to mash and clean up 
i got this for a baby shower gift to go along with the stroller . 
there 's nothing i can complain about it except the price . 
had this sent to the grandparents house for a visit . 
i was a little worried since i could n't touch them before buying . 
she loves them . 
you get a lot of bang for your buck with this toy . 
portable , just the right amount of rattle and easy to clean . 
does n't affect the use of any of the straps ! 
these pads are okay for during the day , etc . 
my daughter thoroughly enjoyed this mirror for several months . 
the bugs are a nice touch to engage babies . 
simple and straightforward - and for a decent price . 
i just love this wrap . 
it 's comfortable and easy to use . 
it does n't take up a lot of room either . 
i would order by your shirt size . 
overall , i really like this wrap . 
i have never been disappointed with a kid co product . 
they tend to make very quality , functional safety equipment . 
the same goes for this cabinet lock . 
this is the only cabinet lock that you should buy . 
i wish we had this for our first child ! 
this is our lifesaver ! 
the next size up is still way too big for her . 
good quality and durable but my wipes dry out . 
however , the product i got does not have this feature . 
i have to manually turn it off to turn it off during the day . 
trying to return as we speak ! 
i do n't know what i would do without my formula pitchers   
it saves so much time to have the formula ready to be poured . 
the pitcher is marked to hold 40 oz 
but i have found that mixing more than 30 oz is not feasible . 
this product was exactly what it was supposed to be ! 
they fit the bottles great , no problems at all with the product!. 
unfortunately there is no other option when it comes to this product . 
it 's easy to use and gets the job done . 
the tongs are very small and i would say useless . 
but the rest is good . 
great nursing pads . 
keep you dry without showing you are wearing a nursing pad . 
have a small slit allowing the to contour better than others i have tried . 
but i ' m so glad i did . 
my baby loves playing with the shapes and envelopes . 
very happy to have these pieces 
we have used this in our 1-story home and in my parents 2-story home . 
it works great in both . 
plugging it in takes care of the problem . 
the nightlight feature on the baby 's room portion is really nice . 
my son sucked on the paci , the legs , the tag ... perfect . 
absorbs breast milk well . 
keep one under my breast while pumping . 
easy to wash . 
they did pick up a strange smell , like fried foods , after washing . 
my daughter had a horrible cold this winter . 
this did nothing to help clear out her nose . 
i would not recommend buying this product it does n't work.update   
i tried to give this product the benefit of the doubt . 
i cut the plastic tubing in half and sucked as hard as i could . 
it still did n't work very well . 
i could see her nose was stuffed up 
but it did n't completely come out . 
i ended up using a kleenex to get my daughters nose clear . 
this product went in the recycling bin . 
save your money . 
i ' ve nursed in public with this and no one is the wiser . 
cover-- it was horrible . 
i love this blanket . 
i inherited a diaper dekor plus from my sister . 
it really keeps the smell level down . 
this pail takes any trash bag . 
this saves me so much time and money.4 . 
the pail is super easy to use . 
this stroller is the best ! 
when he is awake , he looks very relaxed and at peace in it . 
it 's a different vibe than the city gt   of course 
we used the bassinet when he was born .2   
the chicco carseat adaptor works perfectly ! 
you can hang diaper bags and grocery bags from the handles ! 
i often walk 3   miles with the bee . 
i feel comfortable maneuvering my son through crowds in the stroller . 
my only complaint is folding it and unfolding it . 
it takes a little getting use to . 
the selling feature for the city gt was the one handed closure . 
we ' ve changed diapers while my son was in the stroller . 
i was able to avoid public changing stations   ewww ! 
it 's a common problem . 
replacements take 7 - 10 business days . 
i will update the review after i install the washers and use the stroller . 
they work ! 
i ' m back in business and feel free ! 
we have the limited edition neon model . 
i do n't know . 
if the frame was silver , maybe the scratches would not show . 
love this pillow ! 
it 's great because you can use it for arios holds- 
the sides are sized well enough 
so you can use it for a football 
hold a well as a cradle or cross cradle . 
mama and baby give ths one 2 thumbs up ! 
nice looking bag , worked great for our needs . 
did n't have any issues with size and sturdiness . 
they washcloths do their job , but they are cheap and thin . 
it 's still a little big 
but we ' ve got a long ways to go still . 
i got this for my daughter when she was about 3 months old . 
but that just allows her to chew on it as she teethes . 
i have to say that this worked much better than the hospital grade pump ! 
very easy to clean - only 4 parts to sanitize . 
i am very happy with this item . 
to add to this , i am using dr . 
brown 's bottles which , as any dr . 
b. user knows , have several parts to clean . 
however , i found that the standard 8 oz . 
this way i sterilized as many as five bottles at a time . 
you can fit many parts , nipples and pacifiers in at once . 
i reommend this item . 
it made getting all those new bottles ready much easier ! 
i liked this , too bad my baby does n't show much interest . 
i hope when he is older he may find it more to his liking . 
just remember to get it out of the floor . 
i love these and my 8 month old loves them . 
they jingle , crackle , these are brightly colored , and soft . 
they have magnets in them which makes stacking them fun ! 
baby loves reaching for this toy . 
helps teach them to grab and hold items . 
great for dexterity . 
the bright colors catch their attention . 
our playard extension pieces work with it too -- so versatile ! 
they 're both for soft and sweet , and he loves them . 
they wash well and have put up with a lot of being dragged around ! 
we gifted the cow to my niece . 
great durable product . 
the sticky cups do not stick ! 
i am very disappointed . 
he likes to move the beads around . 
it was smooth and very good quality . 
perfect booster seat for my 9 month old . 
fits firmly on our wooden kitchen chairs . 
easy to install and stays in place . 
the tray and seat is very easy to clean ! highly recommended . 
i would buy it again . 
great product ! 
i like the variety of white noises it offers as well as music . 
great overall product , i would recommend it . 
they just did n't work out for me . 
breastfeeding did n't work out for me . 
i am sure that they are great and all , but not for me . 
i tried nuk , advent , dr . 
brown 's and playtex 
, this being the last one i decided to buy . 
sorry to say that she refuses this bottle as well as all the others . 
i do n't think that there is a flaw in the bottle 
that said the bottle is fine . 
and it explains this in the directions . 
so i also had no issued with cleaning the nipple either . 
i had no problems at all . 
this bottle was the only bottle that my 4 month old baby would take . 
this just happened to be the winner . 
this bottle was an absolute life saver 
this stroller is everything it said it would be plus its easy to open . 
it is light enough for a new mother to handle on her own . 
this product really works . 
i have told everyone in my mom 's group about it . 
the best part is that my baby rarely cries when i use it . 
in fact , sometimes he smiles and lets out a sigh afterwards . 
i bought this bumber for my daughter 's crib to finish out her nursery . 
the attaching ribbons are pretty short and have no stretch . 
they attach with a knot , but you can not make a pretty bow . 
my lil one is one now 
and i might keep this one for the keepsake box 
have not made up my mind yet 
this is one of them . 
it is so soft and love the colors . 
i will not purchase these again . 
i am not sure why , but these    34 
after looking for the perfect baby monitor , we settled on the mbp33 . 
this monitor does the job , and does it well.2 . 
after about 11 months of use , the monitor would not take a charge . 
much more than i expected from customer service . 
so although it failed , motorola was responsive and took care of the problem . 
since then , we have n't had any problems.3 . 
the user interface is n't perfect . 
great construction , too . 
i will be using for my next baby ! 
my daughter loves this blueberry toothpaste . 
so i know it does not have any artifical dyes 
and it smells good . 
okay , i do n't actually have a touring tote to compare 
but i did my research and the behave has so many extra features . 
even the hobobe has nothing on this bag . 
what you 're really paying for are the patented jujube features . 
i ' m okay with having shelled out     . 
this bag holds an unbelievable amount of stuffed animals ! 
the fur is soft and the mesh and zipper seem sturdy . 
also fantastic for storing extra yarn and fabric for crafters ! 
such a great purchase for us ! 
just as described and works like a charm . 
i definitely recommend these for those looking to cloth diaper their baby . 
and i do n't think it helps at all . 
which is the same amount of time they fussed before using this item . 
all in all not worth the money . 
it held a lot of items but is n't very sturdy . 
the    34 shelves   34   tilt down . 
for my purpose it worked out just fine . 
we like this mirror . 
we have not had a problem with the way it was packaged or installation . 
the packaging gives several options for installation so no problem there . 
i love the whole avent system ! 
i now own three of these . 
i received two of these as gifts for my newborn . 
that last part could be a deal breaker if you have a chunkier baby . 
the pain is there for about a month or sometimes slightly longer . 
i do not recommend this . 
i normally love all things oxo , but this is a huge fail . 
super annoying . 
the munchkin snack trap seems like a much better product for this . 
the handlebars are too low for my husband . 
he ends up kicking the wheels when he pushes the stroller . 
best used on a smooth surface such as in a mall . 
this does n't do well on our sidewalks or street . 
i do n't bother using the sunshade since it is so small . 
easy to fold and store . 
light weight so easy to carry . 
we will not use this often but will be good for travel or shopping . 
so you can always strap in the baby if you need to step away ! 
would probably work well in a sedan 
but we just upgraded to an suv 
soft and cozy . 
it is never pulled tight or twisted . 
r us to keep his hands warm . 
there 's no shrinking , fading or unraveling and the zippers still work perfectly . 
i bought this dream on me mattress for a couple reasons   
i kept looking at it thinking    
she can not be comfortable   
34   2   
n play fits better than the crib . 
gp product b004y9akzi ref wms_ohs_product?ie utf8 psc   
1this mattress fits it perfectly.i like that this mattress is waterproof . 
but i think the mattress pad is at fault here , not the mattress . 
so i had to improvise a little to make it work . 
this is the playard mattress pad i have   http    
gp product b000bpmjr6 ref wms_ohs_product?ie 
psc   1i know one    34 
she does n't seem to either . 
i see no reason not to give this 5 stars . 
my grandson comes to my house and has this fun plate set to use . 
cute and good size for younger children . 
not sure what it is supposed to support 
and it takes up more space than necessary in a queen bed . 
it looks great and i love the adventure color . 
but i have a few gripes - the fabric simply is n't breathable . 
baby gets hot . 
many people have had this issue . 
i was wondering if this would actually work on my preemies little nose . 
it works perfect . 
but this really is n't a problem . 
it comes with a great cap to keep it clean inbetween uses . 
definitely recommended . 
for the price .... 
the best bang for the buck . 
i love the design and the feel . 
great product . 
my crabby baby was bouncy like crazy , jumping and laughing ! 
my son 's first laughs were actually in the jumperoo ! 
i like that the seat comes out easily so i wash it . 
i definitely recommend the jumperoo over an exersaucer ! ! 
i always like to check reviews first before buying any product . 
and there are always the bad reviews that stick out 
well , you know ! ! ! 
i could n't be happier with my decision right now . 
it is a wonderful car seat ! ! 
i read some reviews saying that it is heavy and bulky . 
it 's not at all . 
you just have to feel around to unhook the straps . 
and also , i read some reviews that stated how the directions were unclear . 
my daughter just turned one month on saturday . 
she loves this firefly . 
she can not take her eyes off of it . 
great toy . 
looking forward to months of fun with it ! 
i ordered this product and i did not get what i ordered . 
beware , the nibbles shown are not the nibbles that i received . 
it 's insanely crowded . 
it did put this stroller through it 's paces though.assembly very easy . 
i was able to do it in 10 minutes and no tools are needed . 
you just fit the pieces together . 
they snap together and if you make a mistake you can snap them apart again.ease 
of use this thing folds down quickly . 
this was the best feature of all . 
the stroller worked very well even being burden in unexpected places.baby my 19 mo . 
old daughter loves this stroller . 
during our vacation boot camp she fell asleep in it several times . 
now use this stroller for quick trips when running errands . 
it is so convenient and a great buy . 
i highly recommend this stroller . 
my son is 9.5 months    has been playing with this for several months . 
he likes waving it around and chewing on it   he is teething . 
this is one of his favorites . 
great crib ! ! ! ! 
i was so happy i bought this crib 
, my son has asthma and he was allergic to other cribs ... 
this crib is great ... 
i really do love the simplicity , safety , footprint , and weight it . 
he will literally be soaked on the back side after just a few mins . 
we time the trips to his naps after feeds , etc . 
undecided if i 'll even keep this in storage for the next one . 
maybe   2 will just adore it ..... 
this was a must have for travel to protect our car seat . 
very nice bumper and it works for the room 's theme 
but it is kind of thin . 
my son still cries when he bangs his head against the bumper . 
i use bumgenius 4.0s . . 
settings are easy to adjust and it 's quieter than the lactina . 
its perfect ! 
my son loves to play with every attachment . 
he is a pretty serious bouncer and this holds very well . 
love that you can adjust the length . 
cute , fun music with it . 
east to put together . 
great price ! 
after only a few uses and washes , this pad cover started to tear . 
i just wish that it had held up a bit better for us . 
reviews were so good that i decided to order this pillow . 
i ' m used to sleeping on my back 
i got this one last week , 
i ' m 7 months pregnant now 
and i just do n't know if i like it 
yet , the first night i hated it 
i can not recommend this product enough   
it was life changing with a newborn ! 
the first night we used it with the white noise setting 
, he slept 8 hours straight   
he seems to prefer the sea creatures setting . 
this will forever be my go - to baby shower gift ! 
everything arrived intact and clean . 
i bought this set several months ago . 
my grand - daughter was around a year old . 
the fish are her favorite bath toys . 
it does n't hold more than 10 - 15 . 
also , the push top is not very easy to open . 
this is the best purchase we ever made . 
my daughter is nearly 2 and can still fit inside . 
she is quite heavy and tall . 
i love it . 
pros - excellent picture quality- great color and night vision- 
camera unit is white , monitor unit is a pale , hospital yellow . 
this item is great . 
he s almost to . 
over all great item 
i bought this activity gym to keep at my sons babysitter 's house . 
he loves it . 
he is 3 months old . 
it was easy to put together and the mat is washable . 
i would buy it again 
great product , works great . 
the cover arrived in good time . 
it fits the changing pad it was recommended for perfectly . 
and the material is very very soft ! 
after receiving one , i ordered two more ! 
for air travel , these are   1 . 
these big enough to use as boosters in the kiddos grow out of them . 
feels good that the last car seats ii'l ever buy are so inexpensive . 
these bottles worked fine for us at home . 
too much pressure and the hole gets sealed allowing no air in .   
something expands i guess . 
so you simply loosen and retighten . 
we have n't been lucky . 
however baby   2 does spit up quite a bit.i 
now her weight gain is back up . 
this is great to help keep your child warm during the winter months . 
i immediately noticed a difference in my son 's sleep habits with this sheet . 
he sleeps longer and seems warmer . 
i bought more ! 
our little one is only just sitting up on her 
i love how this gives me the ability to freeze milk in 1-oz portions 
so i do n't have waste . 
this bra is fantastic . 
you can read a magazine , knit use a computer ... . 
it 's great to be able to do other things while pumping . 
i wish i had this with my first . . . 
but finally gave in and bought it for my second . 
but no biggie . 
they worked great ! 
these thirsties diaper covers work very well . 
they wash well and look great . 
we do hang them to dry . 
we will buy more when we need the next 
size!this is an update 
we are now on baby   2 and the covers are still working great . 
we like the feel of the fabric 
, it does n't feel like plastic . 
these are wonderful and much better than any others that we have tried ! 
i like this sleepsack . 
it 's good for warmer weather as it 's 100   cotton . 
it 's very long giving baby plenty of room to grow 
and it 's easy to put on . 
my daughter has gotten her legs stuck several times too . 
high pile of mesh . 
she can easily get her leg over that and in between the slats . 
will not be repurchasing this item . 
warning   do n't buy products from amazon 's vendors . 
took this to london where the flats are tiny ! 
it worked perfectly for my daughter and can easily store when not in use ! 
it also laid flat in my suitcase so it was n't hard to pack . 
so i still give it 5 stars . 
easy to wash and overall a very convenient product . 
this is wonderful ! 
gave 2 stars just due its low price . 
but it does not cost a penny more . 
the tub is a regular peace of plastic - nothing specific . 
reordered a replacement but finally my husband opened it . 
did not even try the replacement . 
the shower short and clumsy that is uncomfortable to use . 
return both tubs . 
i really like these clippers . 
great product ! 
this has a great clip on the end . 
but that is the point of it 
it does leave marks on what you have it clipped to when you remove it 
but i have n't had it permanently leave any marks . 
they are always gone after a washing . 
i love love love this stroller . 
it is lightweight , easily maneuverable , was easy to assemble   
i use this almost every minute of the day ! 
i wish they had mor boy designs and i would buy more ! 
we love the safe sippy so much , we bought three more . 
i highly recommend the safe sippy ! 
i have an almost 7-month - old and they 're a little big on him 
but he 'll grow into them . 
what i love about it   1   
it 's super - easy to install and use 
than some others   3   
4   although it was n't the lightest car seat 
30 lb , which she still is nowhere near 
, so we sadly had to stop using it for her earlier than expected . 
this was perfect for traveling when my child was under 2 . 
she loved the decorations on it and she was able to play with them . 
really thin . 
i would not recommend . 
maybe good for newborns because they are soft and small . 
this is fantastic for traveling ! 
this is the perfect solution . 
the brush bristles are firm and it is a good quality . 
baby had some rash eczema due to our fabric softener . 
the lotion helped sooth and heal her skin within days . 
i am going to keep using it to keep her face protected . 
mustela products are wonderful . 
they were awesome . 
or they would not close 
otherwise , the entire set has remained intact and secure to the wall . 
it looks great with our jungle - green paint as a backdrop . 
love this two - sided play mat . 
it will settle . 
it 's so simple and so handy . 
plus this pattern   safari crew   is so cute ! 
this diaper bag is really great ! 
i received it as a gift during my baby shower . 
the design is beautiful and fulfills my favorite color combo   red and black ! 
i love the mommy pocket . 
it also has two mesh pockets that i put diapers and my wallet in . 
two outside pockets for snacks , or other needs . 
five stars from me . 
i mean , it 's poop . 
it smells ! 
they 're a good size , and hold up well after continuous use . 
and i had this same problem 
and i thought i would never get sleep again . 
we saw this and gave it a shot . 
thank god for this . 
your baby stays warm in this plus stays safe . 
the baby can still move around so you do nt have to worry . 
really worth the money 
we purchased these along with some cheaper plugs . 
we installed these on outlets that we use often 
and they are a breeze to remove . 
i had my whole system worked out 
in my bag , i had a freezer bag full of 4 oz . 
xs s m , a towel , dishsoap and a bottle cleaner . 
i never had any problems with leaks . 
i loved being able to just pop the liners into the bottles and go . 
i ' m glad i pumped for the few months 
i love these cups . 
i ' ve never had one crack , leak or chip . 
in fact , these are the only sippy cups i 'll buy anymore . 
i purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn . 
unfortunately , i have n't even given birth yet 
these diapers are horribly rough , even after a washing . 
this item is completely adorable . 
they are colorful and fun to play with . 
it has bath toys , great teether toys and fun rattles . 
i highly recommend this set to any parent . 
i am very picky about the toys i buy . 
it is a high quality item you will not regret buying . 
we did n't want to keep lugging around the one we keep at home 
so we purchased one in prep for our orlando trip . 
when at its widest extension , the gate is flimsy and looks unstable . 
i looks like a really bad tint job . 
she is very relax on the sling . 
great price with great quality product , ship to home . 
good deal for the money . 
i borrowed these bottles from my sister for my lo . 
generally i love these .... 
all stainless option which are hard to find.i have purchased 3 that had issues   
my major recommendation is to test the threading before you dishwash ! 
i use a different sippy spout with it . 
cute little giraffe . 
my babies like it . 
they are attracted to the music . 
white noise works best at much , much higher volume . 
the actual food holding portion of these spoons is really deep . 
these are nice and long though which is nice . 
the colors are also fun and very gender neutral . 
i bought this to use as bib wipe baby during after feedings . 
this feels too heavy for the use that i had in mind . 
it is thick , has durable and natural material . 
feels soft . 
i bought this for my son to use when laying on his back . 
he has a pretty bad flat spot . 
my son seems pretty uncomfortable when laying his head on this . 
from the minute my boon spoon arrived its high - quality was evident . 
my only complaint pertains to the spoon cover . 
these vibrant , soft wipes remove messes well and fit in my warmer perfectly . 
one side is fleece and the other is like a velvet like plush . 
i often need more than one though with big breastfeeding messes 
that or else german kids have bigger mouths , i do n't know . 
i 'd buy it again though because she does use it . 
the item is white with the owls all over it . 
the pink thing and the bows are not included which i ' m glad . 
we ' ve been using the munchkin diaper pail for four months . 
ok why are you waiting to order this ? 
this item is so cool ! 
the voice activation option for the projector and   or the music is great . 
the projector is so cool --- i want one for my room . 
my son likes to watch it for a while and likes the night light . 
there are also a nice variety of songs . 
i got this item back in november , and it 's been great ! 
we 'll see how that goes.update   2   april 16 , 2013 . 
i ' m impressed . 
i ' m hoping the projector works for many months to come . 
my baby was all smiles to see his projector back . 
stickers are too big and take up the entire block for the day . 
other minor issues , but will do for the price . 
i have two of these in size 1 with the aplix closure . 
they are trim and fit great too ! 
my son   age 2   loves this potty . 
so we have n't actually had any messes yet . 
i do n't really have any complaints about this potty - 
it has done everything i ' ve expected ! 
we actually plan to get another one for the bathroom downstairs 
so we do n't have to keep carrying this one around . 
i really love it ! 
beautifull product , great materials and children fall in loe with it!christmas present ! 
my baby son love it 
my seats thank me every time i get in the car . 
great quality , washes well and looks nice . 
very soft to the touch . 
overall , good buy for the great price . 
it still looks new and is in great shape . 
it is very comfortable to wear   versus my bjorn active and hot sling . 
my babies are born big and grow fast ! 
my 7 month is roughly 20 lbs already . 
i like the bjorn at the very beginning better   
i did n't buy the infant insert for the ergo . 
so i knew this would n't disappoint . 
and i was right . 
i anticipate using this all winter and even sledding . 
toddlers are wiggly , so a jacket , hat and gloves are still needed . 
so the only thing keeping it in place is the velcro around the seatbelt . 
our baby girl loves this brush ! 
she is only 10 months old right now 
so we are n't letting her use it yet as a toothbrush . 
i use a finger brush still to brush her teeth right now 
and we 'd be out a significant amount of money . 
it is a very nice , well made bag with lots of pockets . 
it has lots of room 
this is the only gripe i have with this diaper bag . 
very safe and easy to use.i 
m glad i found it.i m always 
nervous wen filing my 4mnth olds nails 
i have washed the set many times and it has held up beautifully . 
fits perfectly on the playard i previously purchased . 
very pleased with these items . 
my daughter really enjoys looking at these little blocks 
but she is not coordinated enough to pick them up yet . 
i am sure that once that happens they will be very interesting to her . 
my wife felt these were better made . 
the price simply pushes it over the top . 
we freeze the breast milk and these have worked perfectly . 
i love the halo sleepsacks ! 
just buy a stuffed animal instead ! 
we bought these bottles a few months ago from a local store . 
and she does n't seem to care for them . 
we have started using this and have had much success . 
the plastic components could fit together more securely . 
the whole thing rattles because the pieces are n't   tight . 
i ' ve purchased three of them and they are all like that .   
i ' ve also been covering the display with clear packing tape . 
the clear plastic screen gets scratched easily because of its convex shape . 
when standing upright it 's not very stable . 
my daughter is now 15 mos 
and i ' m still using it to time her sleep and 
after using the much more expensive tracker for a day , i returned it . 
it tracks from the end of events , not the beginning . 
even though i have to manually graph data , i prefer the itzbeen . 
we have been happy with the chicco travel system . 
i like that it is made from natural material . 
this is a great little dish . 
so i found these tweezers on amazon . 
now it is fine . 
let 's hope you have a heavy sleeper in that case . 
overall , useful product i ' m happy to have purchased . 
not only does it look cool , but it 's easy to grip . 
i thought it was well priced for a non toxic changing pad . 
very pleased . 
also the fabric is soft and not plastic . 
i think this made it worse . 
my son friggin loves these keys . 
he 's almost a year old now . 
babies wiggle .. 
they wiggle a lot more when they see something coming towards their face . 
but .. he really has to be asleep for these to work . 
i no longer use this to remove his hard boogers . 
saline drops and nosefrida all the way .   
after that , these went into the trash . 
the baby started liking it a bit at 4.5 months ... 
and he started banging the toy everywhere ... 
and the thing inside the transparent ball broke ... 
but i guess it does n't matter ... 
he does n't particularly love it , but you know .. 
they have their own taste ... 
bought these after doing a bit of research . 
no matter how big the poopy , this wipe will clean it . 
somehow missed the memo that not all boppys are created equal . 
apparently i have the    34 nursing pillow   
and this cover does not fit . 
to my disappointment , boppy does n't make covers for that pillow . 
this mattress is simply fabulous . 
this one does not have springs . 
what a deal for such a great product . 
these caps fit medela bottles but are significantly cheaper than the medela replacement parts . 
a great buy if you have medela kits . 
in another room , we have a nightlight plugged into it and it works fine.if 
you never use plugs   like in dining room or guest room , 
etc   use the press - in plug 
covers.this saved me lots of money with this compromise . 
we will put up baby play yards around those areas 
so he 'll avoid that stuff altogether.hope 
this helps ! 
he happily grabs the spoon full of food and shoves it into his mouth . 
she is now 13 months and still plays with them . 
very durable and quality product . 
she is able to eat with us at the table and loves it . 
i love this product . 
i think it is more for 8 - 9 months . 
i also think this bottle will last long . 
when i travel , it is in his bag . 
great design ! 
very cute set . 
our little guy loves to use them at age 14 months . 
elmo fans will love this set . 
netting is soft and easy to fold up when not in use . 
i bought this recently not knowing it was so flimsy . 
i had to break out my oldmunchkin 
sprout drying rackthat i used with baby   
i finally decided on this one for two reasons ... 
the portable bassinet and the flip up changing table . 
it was extremely difficult to put together . 
the very last step of assembly is the changing table . 
the part to attach the changing table was broken ! 
i ended up receiving the part two weeks after my son was born . 
i use the storage part though , that is great . 
the bassinet is the perfect height to keep him next to my bed . 
my only complaint about it is that it is a little small . 
at 7 weeks old my son has almost outgrown it . 
he does not even have any room to roll over . 
buyer beware .... 
i have this item and it would be great if it was bpa free . 
it is perfect for putting in diapers and treats and sippy cups . 
it is not too big and bulky . 
really happy with it . 
i also bought the car seats and stroller items on amazon also . 
i intend to give a review of those items after using them tomorrow . 
the stroller only took a few minutes to unpack and assemble . 
this is an awesome invention ! 
the only problem i have with it is it is somewhat uncomfortable . 
i dumped quite a bit a milk directly onto my couch . 
these are a nice change from other cars . 
also , they are very durable    fun . 
it teaches cause    effect - pull back    let go . 
there are no batteries to replace    they make no noise . 
i highly recommend . 
i am a rock climber . 
i do not have weak fingers palm strength . 
but i have a real hard time opening and closing the lids ! 
we are returning these . 
very very disappointed . 
very sad as it looked so cute hanging up in their tub ! 
so glad i went with this one . 
it reaches all the way outside , i was surprised . 
great video and sound quality . 
the night vision is a plus ! 
this is a must have for leather seats ! 
wonderful product   great price . 
my mother - in - law watches my son . 
he quit napping well while at her house . 
love this product ! 
the first pack i bought was great . 
i ' m not sure if one of the sides shrank 
so the two layers are n't even now . 
i do n't know if i got an odd pack or what . 
it does n't make the pads uncomfortable.these pads do dry well in the dryer . 
i ' m 
not sure how long we 'll be able to use this . 
3   even though it has a 5-point harness 
, there is a    34 crotch piece   
34   that comes down from the tray , 
not much to complain about . 
great set and fun colors . 
one bottle has lasted me a year of cloth diapering . 
it is great stuff ! 
got these to use with my thirsties duo wrap covers . 
they wash well and are easy to use . 
avent is the only brand i will ever use ! 
they 're easy to clean ..    
the new bottles only have two parts . 
no rings which i love . 
avent bottles can be a little pricey 
but you get what you pay for in my opinion . 
i think it 's worth the extra money . 
and i ' m happy 
i will not have to buy another size for next winter . 
i like these for basically the same reason everyone else does ! 
they are super easy for both feeding and pumping . 
the system works great with my lansinoh pump . 
these work perfectly for that . 
but it 's standard size . 
it 's also really difficult to see how many ounces are in the bottle . 
it is n't clearly marked . 
other than that , the bottles are great ! 
i had the giraffe on my registry and received it as a gift ... 
i ' m so glad i did because my son loves these wubbanubs . 
he will not take the other pacifiers i tried . 
they 're adorable too . 
i do n't mind hand - washing but air drying takes too long ! 
that 's why i had to order the bear 
so he 'd have a spare . 
would definitely buy again . 
but you do n't have to take baby all the way out . 
she thinks its hilarious . 
so i ' ve never actually needed to get up to shut it off . 
overall we 're very happy 
he still prefers his blanket or fingers to it .. 
but perhaps he is just too young   5 month old 
this seat is awesome . 
so easy to use and clean . 
i recommend it to everyone . 
now the big bulky high chair is just sitting in the corner . 
the spout is just a spout . 
she likes poking the fish on the end . 
it is difficult but not impossible for her to pull it off . 
i do n't get this thing . 
are they supposed to knee the toy ? ? 
the music will not play because of what i believe is the battery issue . 
this is a very comfortable and convenient diaper bag . 
works well for mom and dad ! 
lots of hooks and pockets . 
i have this towel wash cloth set in hide    sea . 
this is my first a a purchase 
and i ' m just not sure why everyone raves about them ? ! 
its just a terry cloth towel with a muslin wash cloth . 
yes its nice , but imho not worth it . 
first and last a a for me ! 
this did n't work at all for our stove and came off a lot . 
it is a decent size and has some nice features . 
i replaced this with a zippered diaper bag . 
i bought this item for my 3 month old because she started teething . 
she seems like she would probably be interested if it were smaller . 
not to mention , she loves her pacifiers , so this seemed perfect . 
i ' m very disappointed . 
i 'll probably continue trying it occasionally 
it hopes that she will grow into it . 
if she does change her mind i will amend my review . 
just seems cheap . 
the top container can hold several baby food jars . 
i decided to buy this for my daughter to wear on her 1st birthday . 
the material is durable and it 's super cute 
dimensions   17 inches wide and 20 inches long.this makes a great toddler bib . 
it 's long enough to fully cover my son 's lap . 
it 's not    34 operator error   
34   - 
yes the cap is on correctly , we followed the instructions etc . 
we ' ve been using it . 
i love these bibs and have been using them a long time . 
this bib she can not get off 
so it saves our little clothes ! 
cute designs and great construction and the snap closure is the best . 
i highly recommend this toy as your child 's first shape sorter ! 
these are easy to put up and to move to a new location . 
this works great but why does everything need to be so expensive ? 
my grand daughter likes this seat . 
we call him george   as a lovie . 
this is perfect ! 
i also love that it is 100   cotton . 
i have sung its praises to a number of friends since we got it . 
it works on all our standard doors frames though . 
easy cleanup too ! highly recommmend ! 
washes great . 
i did hang to dry . 
i brought this item on feb 1 , 2012 from walmart . 
i saw this and thought to myself 
you i blew my nose to see how much would it suction up . 
do not buy unless you have money to waste ! ! ! ! ! ! 
the design is cute , and the color is bright and refreshing . 
it 's also very easy to use.i got this for my daughter . 
both of us are happy with this purchase . 
i 'll explain for anyone confused . 
there is a lid on the top of the diaper champ . 
it appears to be doubled , with a white and blue interlocking piece . 
the white lid sits on top of that , securing it further . 
the diapers are inserted in the white lid . 
there is a lever on the top that opens into the white lid . 
unlike the picture shows is actually quite a large mat . 
easy to clean and does the job for a reasonable price . 
this cup is sooo hard to clean . 
i personally really dislike it for that reason . 
it did n't work for us . 
but to each his own when it comes to sippy cups . 
i was more pleased with this than i even expected ! 
you really got ta work it on those carts . 
everywhere else it 's been a breeze . 
i actually own two different munchkin brand dispensers . 
this one is much better . 
i also love that it comes with the one use dispenser . 
i do have a baby girl 
so i do wish it was a little more feminine but still love it . 
from about 5 months on   
she 's now 10months   
my daughter keeps digging this thing out of the to box . 
i think it 's the color scheme . 
regardless , she 's obsessed ! 
i believe my set came with a built - in size 24 flange . 
these replacement spouts are the perfect fit for the nuk soppy cup . 
my toddler just loves these cups . 
the spout is easy to drink out of . 
this is our go to playmat for travel . 
i breastfed my baby in person for 6 months . 
i had to leave occasionally now . 
i was so worried ! 
their customer service was nice though and mailed me new valves . 
but they still do not help . 
i was hesitant to buy a new pump   
i heard medela is very good   just for occasionally being away from home . 
since the hand pump is cheaper . 
i gave it a chance . 
the milk came out so effortlessly . 
i could hardly believe it ! 
she somehow hates all other bottle nipples we were gifted . 
i could not be more thankful for this product . 
this is our 2nd purchase of this mattress   for baby   2 . 
i love how lightweight it is . 
no need for a waterproof pad . 
it is okay for little use for a couple of months . 
it stopped sucking milk after around three months . 
i had to buy a an electric one which saved time and efforts . 
i was using a pack and play but the thing was driving me nuts . 
this mini crib is the perfect replacement . 
the mini crib can support higher weight limits than a pack n play 
i love that . 
that 's pretty good . 
this pillow has been a lifesaver . 
this one stays put and gives me a lot of support . 
my only other complaint is that it only comes in this one color . 
i would love to have a different color fabric option!update   
my 18 month old daughter is doing very well with this booster ! 
but it 's not that bad 
and i would defiantly purchase this again with the knowledge of textured section . 
he is getting better now after a few months of having them . 
he throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out ! 
it 's a great cup that way , totally spillproof ! 
so i am not sure how well they will work for juice . 
this has not deterred her at all from making a mess . 
- holds 5 - 6 pocket diapers . 
get a bigger one for your pail .   
- -super cute!-thin , but it holds the smell in.- 
i like that it had a snap 
i can not put anything i have sprayed off in them.- 
so adorable and cute . 
the way it moves and is flexible is great for babies . 
i would recommend this . 
baby enjoys it . 
he 's grown so much with this toy . 
ordered this for my nephew .. 
his mom says he loves it and it was super easy to fold unfold . 
the only word that comes to mind to describe this bottle is garbage ! 
it leaks and is cheaply made . 
i ' m a nurse and used to working with all types of equipment 
and i know junk when i see it . 
all babies get gas , all babies need to burp . 
this toy is a favorite . 
now he likes looking at it in the car . 
but i was really hoping it would last much longer . 
it worked perfectly fine in the beginning 
but i ended up buying a less expensive one 
and it does the job 
this is a fantastic stroller ! 
i do n't know why amazon still has the onyx listed at   500 . 
one downside - 
it is heavy for me to carry . 
but even folded up , i can just roll it . 
it folds down pretty well and fits in our coat closet . 
and he still loves it ... ! 
we had used the hand crank thing but that was a pain . 
that is the on off switch . 
in fact , we leave the motor housing plugged in all the time . 
we like the sleep sacks ! 
keeping our little one safe and warm at night . 
only complaint is that it seems to be a little big . 
i added this to my wish list and received it as a gift . 
i read one review that stated it was n't . 
it hung down an inch while the top did not have enough . 
sadly i felt this bassinet was very cheap . 
i would not trust it to place a newborn in it . 
my baby likes it 
this cot fit the bill , pricewise . 
the ease of folding and placing into the carry - all cover is incredible . 
it 's still his favorite thing in the world . 
he reserves all of his best coos and smiles and laughs for this thing . 
i think if he had his way , it would probably travel with him . 
we put a mattress in the middle and let her sleep in it . 
overall , we definitely got our money 's worth and then some . 
then i can apply a thin coat on the skin . 
we recently purchased this for our 3 year old son . 
this was by far the most expensive , but worth it . 
it has continued to exceed our expectations . 
its a great buy . 
this bundleme was exactly what i was expecting . 
she has a lot of extra space , but it is n't too bulky 
and i easily switch it between her two strollers . 
the exterior protects her against light rain . 
she will be able to use this for a very long time . 
i initially ordered the green and it looked nothing like the picture . 
much darker and dull and did n't work well for a girl . 
the purple is a much better choice and i would strongly recommend this product . 
searching around the web , britax car seats come out uniformly as very safe . 
that should be your first concern with a car seat . 
obviously price is important but so is being able to use the seat correctly . 
we had no such problem with the britax.we did reach the manual carefully 
and we made many pre - install adjustments . 
the result was about an 8 minute latch install on our elantra . 
the seat is very stable . 
our daughter likes it pretty well . 
except for the metal parts which get very , very hot . 
we bought the onyx . 
on our computer the amazon pictures make it look grey . 
it is darker than that in person . 
we probably should have gone silverlake . 
but the fabric is not the heat problem , it is the metal parts.we 
this is for neck development issues and the direction most car accidents happen . 
facing forward they will rock forward . 
facing backward they will be pushed into the seat . 
so you want a car seat that is long , as is the britax . 
i loved that i had this for my bob when my daughter was younger . 
it even fits larger bath toys . 
five stars ! 
we 're usually on the same page . 
this was one of those times . 
containers are fine , just wish that the color combinations were more extensive . 
the problem is that normal seatbelts are designed for full sized adults . 
it is also required by law in 38 states and dc .   
with more probably coming . 
certainly something that you 'd want for your kids . 
the installation instructions are simple and clear . 
the best stroller ever ! 
can not wait to buy the double when our new bundle arrives . 
so easy to push and turn . 
love that it has shock absorbers on it too . 
it 's not . 
this brush fit in those tiny 2 oz bottles fine . 
this is my third brush . 
but the oxo is perfect . 
i think it would be perfect if it was weighted down a bit . 
what kind of a nipple does this fat rubber awl clean ? 
it 's the silliest thing 
and i have no clue why they included it . 
it 's useless . 
5 starsstand gets 3.5 starsnipple cleaner 0 - no stars for you ! ! ! 
hands down the one item we could n't live without . 
this is such a fantastic decal set . 
it is above the crib and fills up much of the wall . 
really looks good . 
looks like a hand painted mural at a fraction of the cost ! 
great for a boy or a girl as advertised . 
i ordered this for my 7 mo old and she is about 14lbs . 
it is really long in the arms 
and so we have to roll the sleeves . 
i love the double sided zipper , i think all sleepsacks need this feature . 
the stars and moons fill the ceilings and walls . 
i bought it for our newborn 's nursery and love it ! 
we bought this to hook to our baby 's pacifier . 
it 's also easy to wash ! 
these are dollar store quality . 
we had the best results using permanent marker and stencils .   
it is a cute color . 
it had a strong plastic like odor when coming out of the package . 
my son has really taken to these swaddlers . 
he is 3 weeks old and sleeps great in them . 
the quality is really nice . 
however , the pros outweigh this one con for sure ! 
100   cotton and good size for homemade baby wipe use . 
they do stain but can be bleached . 
definitely worth the price ... good quality ! 
i like the idea . 
the size is good . 
but the plastic is a little too thin and flimsy . 
i bought several of these because they 're inexpensive and a pretty good idea . 
they are pricier but worth it . 
superb quality , light years ahead of any other car seat . 
when it comes to your child 's safety , it 's worth every penny . 
i like these because they are pvc and plastic free.they really do hold wetness . 
i have used them for 2 kids for potty training . 
i have also had to wash them in hot water and they always hold up.the 
i think this is because they are designed for cloth diaper wearers . 
this gate is very difficult to handle . 
i do n't find that the memory feature works in the longer positions . 
i wish i had never purchased it . 
this also does not work with our baseboards . 
since he has stopped doing that , i really prefer having it on . 
this is an awesome activity mat . 
i highly recommend it ! 
so , far this swing is great . 
i would like it if it reclined even more though   
that s why no five stars . 
just not impressed     tried a medium and a large . 
my baby boy just never could get comfortable or position correctly . 
easy to transport and refold    repackage . 
looks good , nice pattern and good quality materials . 
very pleased with product . would recommend . 
some babies hate that feeling . 
so get them a flannel sheet . 
you 're also going to be doing a lot of laundry . 
for instance , get all green crib sheets . 
make all of your co - sleeper sheets cream . 
for the pack ' n ' play ? 
all brown .   
the brown will hide travel smudges , too .   
buy white or yellow toddler sheet sets . 
return them if you can . or consign them . 
or give them away . 
so i called customer service and waited on hold for half an hour . 
he told me   this is a known issue .   
i asked why are they still being sold if they do n't work 
he also told me that samsung sells the monitors again when they are returned . 
they are repackaged and sent out to the market again . 
their customer service was pretty dire . 
but he was remorseless . 
thank you seller ! 
sometimes i am just not very subtle . 
the letter from the unpleasant technical support worker was especially humble . 
iffy   has replaced   faulty . 
they proudly operate in accordance with laws regarding such products . 
i do not suspect this amazon seller of doing such a thing -samsung 
other owners , do you have this in your user manual ?   
he could have just given me the directions on how to fix it . 
samsung retailers are distributing a product that is n't working for some people . 
samsung failed to provide technical support when i needed it . 
those are facts . 
will i boycott samsung ? 
and i do n't think you should either . 
but this is n't the most unexceptional baby monitor on the market . 
thank you for the starbucks gift card !                  
you can not harass me into giving your product a better review . 
i will review it when i have a moment .                             
update feb 26 . 
my husband just got this for our 11 month old son for christmas . 
he loved it ! 
he spends a lot more time on this toy than other toys . 
i thought it would cut his little finger off ! 
i ended up using brute force to pry it out . 
i have twin boys , i bought 2 of these 
they are great . 
i love them . 
they really like the vibration . 
i would totally tell friends to buy this . 
these bottles are made of healthier materials than most plastic bottles . 
bisphenol a   bpa   free and phthalate free . 
you just pull out a sterilized liner each time . 
we love this thing . 
we would n't have even been able to use a pad at all yet . 
this clip works great anywhere though ! 
first , although it is small , it is still huge on a newborn 
06 13    
our original battery died after about 8 weeks . 
five months in , 
and we still love this monitor ! 
she 's since reformed . 
for a few weeks though she slept in it blissfully . 
taped up baby accessories do n't look classy to company . 
bought this for my baby nursery room . 
color and images are awesome . 
most of my visitors noticed it . 
lightweight , durable and great buy ... 
but it 's completely unusable once they are able to roll over . 
we only got to use this for a very brief period of time . 
i love this seat 
o buy one these belly pads for my first childs 
so i love this one 
it also is pretty thick and soft and comfy feeling 
they improved all the stickers on the side there a lot better 
this seat is vey nice 
i will always buy them for my children if i need to 
and i m hearing people say that some of there harness straps are short 
he will not go back to these i ' ve tried 
but with my little girl i will only use these ! 
i use a ziploc bag but a cover would be more handy . 
i just received this as a gift , and it is pretty nice . 
its easy to set up and seems pretty sturdy . 
also it does nt have shoulder straps for the baby , just waist straps .... 
i ordered this because i was desperate . 
they work . 
this one is pretty labor intensive .    
that dr . 
oz featured it on his show . 
we live in sacramento , ca , which gets blistering hot in summer . 
i loved taking him for walks about the neighborhood . 
both of us would just sweat in it , and it was pretty miserable . 
you could block a lot more sun if it would point down . 
it works very nicely that way.wind . 
the round kind it looks 
i love this carseat . 
vw passat . 
we are both fairly short 
yes it is approved for this carseat 
this is not a major deal though , just a very minor annoyancepros ! 
she is very happy with the seat as well . 
i would absolutely recommend this carseat to anyone . 
there are 3 layers of thick cotton inside which can not be removed . 
they take days to dry on the line , even in arid socal . 
this defeats the purpose of buying a   green   diaper . 
our son likes it - great for a transition out of the high chair . 
works exactly as it should . 
takes less than a minute to snap on . 
not convenient for travelling either , 
very disappointed in the infamous medela brand on this item . 
just not portable . 
currently checking out the knapsack one to see if i should buy it ... 
this is the best thing for a baby . 
it really works to keep their arms down 
and it is soft at the same time . 
this is the one to get , period . 
it 's a nice extra peace of mind . 
also recommended .the price is also good for the quality . 
this is an absolute must have for pumping moms ! 
and it fits perfectly since the bra has velcro adjustments . 
it 's easy to put on and holds the shields in place very well . 
this has everything expensive monitors have for a lot less money . 
this is my third baby monitor . 
if they work on 2.4ghz for example . 
so far we have not had the mess that would necessitate this protective cover . 
it is easy enough to just wipe off any little dribble . 
if you have the extra   10 go ahead and buy it . 
it may be worth the piece of mind . 
this is a great item to have for new babies ! 
i ' ve ever tried with this 
you 'd probably yell and curse . 
well , babies do , too , when wipes are cold . 
i use regular ones on her toenails though . 
these disks are not the right size for my diaper pail . 
i really like these . 
i like that they are easy to clean . 
i like that when i step on them , they do n't hurt . 
they are thin - but , it 's what i had wanted . 
i also wanted a reusable liner i could toss in the diaper pail . 
i have no complaints about this sleep sheep . 
not one ! 
it is soft , cuddly , and cute to look at . 
she likes the stream sound the best 
the sheep has a strong velcro strap that attaches it to the crib . 
we have our sheep set on the 45 minute timer . 
there is another option for a 25 minute timer . 
the sounds from the sheep really put me in the most relaxed state . 
i just recieved the stroler . 
i have the red one . 
unfold even easier 2 steps , 3 if it was fastend . 
the break is ok . 
i did tried it in the house though ... 
i have a tile floor , the turning radius is small ... 
wide,15 cm high and 3 - 4 cm thick . 
i am used to the carseat restrains ... 
think i made the right choicehi 
again.my girl is now 9 months old . 
other then that ... 
it works good , my child likes it , and it 's handy . 
my 7 month old daughter loves this rattle . 
we use the sassy links to attach it to everything 
so she does n't throw it on the floor -- her new favorite game . 
we are very happy with these bibs for our 3 month old . 
my baby was a swaddle houdini . 
thought this would work 
but she hated it 
and it did n't help at all 
these bags are fabulous ! 
if you have kids , you need these . 
i ended up throwing them away and went with another brand . 
i like the versatility of the carrying positions   different positions for different situations . 
he 's 5'11 '' 
just what i was looking for and an excellent price ! 
was great for baby 's first zoo trip too ! 
a mommy must have ! 
m not careful . 
the product has worked like a charm and has an awesome price . 
i would buy again . 
well , i bought a a for target and 
and they do not come close to these . 
they really do become softer the more you wash them . 
edit      9 jan 2012i 
they are 44 x 44 and not the regular 47 x 47 . 
he also love to pull on them side to side   
we joke that it 's his cape   and the velcro 
holds every time . 
and they have been wonderful . 
the bendy ball is very easy for a baby to hold onto . 
this when my so was born . 
i love this swing that my cousin lent me . 
i had the mamaroo with my first child but sold it after he outgrew it 
it 's comfy with easy to remove covering to be washed . 
i used these to trim my first baby 's nails . 
every parent needs these for their baby . 
great activity toy . 
i went to a physical store that had several different models to demo . 
instantly started bouncing , smiling , laughing and engaging with the toys activities . 
we found a good match for him . 
he just turned 5 months and is still small 
so we adjusted the height settings to the last shortest level 
and it 's perfect . 
it was also very easy to dissemble and put in the trunk . 
m glad she showed it to us . 
happy momma ! 
it is everything it commits to . 
i love the pourable concept and it is super easy to clean . 
plus , you can not beat the price . 
these bibs are super soft and absorbent . 
they provide great coverage . 
i like that they use snaps instead of velcro . 
great customer service ! 
i love halo sleep sacks ! 
nice and warm and safe ! 
i wish they made them in adult sizes too . 
our table has a narrow lip to clamp this onto 
so i imagine without that this would be excellent . 
regardless , i ' m happy with the product . 
and it 's as good as new - 
very tastefully designed with a gender neutral color palette . 
it actually helps her keep her sleeves out of her food . 
i ' m considering buying a kaboost chair booster 
the center pocket securely holds keys and cellphones and pocket change for easy access . 
i am glad i got this to replace the fisher price rainforest mat . 
the kick piano definitely keeps baby entertained . 
he is 3 months as of now . 
the mirror is excellent , he is always thrilled to watch himself in it . 
now compared to the fisher price rainforest mat , this is way better . 
for the price , this carseat is nice . 
we drive quite regularly . 
it is a very high quality car seat . 
i purchased this high chair for my son   his first high chair ! 
my only problem with it , is that my sons posture is not supported . 
he sits pretty straight and this chair leans back quite a bit . 
there does n't seem to be a way to change that ... 
these strap covers are great . 
i ' ve ordered these twice . 
the second order - the smell coming off the bags was horrific ! 
i returned them hoping for a better batch . 
no luck ! 
they smell way too strong to put anywhere near the family ! 
i chose to use glass over plastic to avoid the chemicals in plastic . 
we love born free . 
they have taken multiple drops to the floor and remained perfect . 
we also tried dr . 
we love them . 
we used them with pumped breastmilk , worked great . 
these are nice bowls , very cute , lid stays on 
well but sometimes too well   it can be hard to get off . 
bowls are microwave safe but lids are not . 
they 're small but perfect for just starting solids with a new baby . 
would buy again . 
my only complaint is that the top half is floppy ! 
although i m positive it will protect my leather seats ! 
i gave the diaper genie 5 stars because we love it ! 
we registered and got this at our shower . 
i am a first time 
and i really do n't think i could have survived without it . 
which is a great plus ! 
the bags really seal the odor . 
i reccommend the diaper genie to all first time mom . 
it is a great item to have in the nursery ! ! ! 
sturdy enough , long enough to protect most new bed 
sleepers.but the design is tough ... 
we ' ve used it few times in the microwave . 
this product is wonderful and better than i expected . 
it is a must buy and well worth the amount i paid for it . 
otherwise , it 's a good product . 
bought this when i was flying with my 16mo alone . 
he has ds 
my son loves being able to face forward and see everything . 
i ' m 5'10   
had to use one of these from the start . 
it 's comfortable and the baby does n't mind . 
easy to use . 
very light weight . 
i needed a different color to differentiate from my sister 's baby 's pacifiers . 
they do seem to get softer after you wash them several times . 
overall , we love them ! 
thanks god to this swaddle blanket with the velcro closure 
, it holds the baby together !     
and i tried a few . 
my son can easily hold this sophie . 
i ' m not sure why it says vanilla teether though . 
it is n't flavored or anything like that . 
she 's holding up quite well . 
our baby 's nursery is theme is monkeys . 
this goes perfect with all the other decor in the room . 
we love monkeys ! 
we just love this mobile , and baby does too . 
i love how it not only spins but the leaves go up and down . 
the rain forest sounds are adorable too . 
it was a breeze to set up and attach to the crib . 
it 's definitely a great stroller for an urban environment . 
also i bought the peg perego car seat and adapter to use with the stroller 
frankly , i find pumping pretty uncomfortable no matter what i do . 
sofar we love this bottle . 
it was also great to be able toswitch to dr . 
these scissors were easier to use than expected because of the slightly curved blade . 
just make sure you use the scissors with piyo piyo 's face upwards . 
it may sound silly 
nails!rayovac sphltled - bb sportsman led headlight 
awesome cheap addition to any stroller . 
who knew you could put saddle bags onto a stroller ? ! ? 
useful for snacks , toys , etc ... easy to put on , 
no problems folding up stroller   we have a city mini gt 
the very first time i used this product was my last . 
what a waste ! 
i love these wash cloths for my child . 
this wrap is great ! 
the fabric is soft and washes well . 
this carrier is a must have ! ! 
i love its style and it is comfortable for me ! 
my son does not complain ! worth the buy ! 
these are the perfect size for kids 12 months and up . 
my son can hold them and attempt to feed himself . 
i really like these . 
no dirty smells in nursery whatsoever . 
however , recently the lid has been almost impossible to close 
and i ' m sure we are going to break it soon . 
it is flimsy for sure . 
my baby seems to really like this cube . 
he loves watching the flashing lights and hearing the music . 
my little one seems to prefer the softy spongier teethers . 
there is no bounciness to it 
and she is not as interested in it as she is with other teethers . 
maybe as she gets older and stronger she will like it more . 
my daughter and i both love this toy - 
- i can attach it to virtually   everything ... 
i use this all over , with multiple toys from multiple brands . 
it was most useful in attaching everything to the hood of a bassinette .i 
or so   in the bassinette . 
we got this to hold the used cloth diapers until wash time ! 
it zips and can be hung or sit on the floor ! 
but so far it holds 10 with plenty of room to spare !   
i use the thirsties brand duo wraps with prefolds and duo diapers . 
it holds in smell and does n't leak as far as i have experienced ! 
it works great and i would definitely recommend for holding used cloth diapers . 
i like the design and fit of this cover . 
it is so cute and the velcro makes changes go quickly 
easy for my 14 month daughter to use . 
minimal spillage if any . 
can be completely taken apart for cleaning    easy to reasemble . 
keeping baby snug and comfortable is good for the baby and the parents . 
being adjustable will give them additional time use .... 
we 're sort of passive ec'ers , it 's cheap price without cheap quality   
we ' ve owned ours nearly a year now and no trouble 
, it 's a single piece of plastic .... 
no problems as he 's grown . 
he 's always fit onto it . 
we love it , i have no need of any other potty ! 
heats every bottle perfectly . 
only issue i have is that in the plastic water part there is residue . 
i have had it for 5 weeks now . 
if anyone has suggestions on cleaning it please let me know ! 
i like the absorbancy but these are a bit scratchy and 
i do n't like them direct against baby 's skin.i prefer thirsties hemp 
these did n't work for me at all . 
for myself it would actually be a one star 
but i did n't go to a lactation specialist to find the correct size 
so it 's possible that i sized myself wrong and 
that 's why it did n't work 
so i did n't want to rate too negatively . 
breast feeding was so painful i was willing to try anything . 
i ordered two since i saw in reviews only one was included . 
however i would n't totally rule out user error . 
it is also very soft . 
grandbaby is snoozing peacefully on it for long naps . 
the inside of my warmer is now blue and purple ! 
did n't want to put these dye - leaking things on my baby 
so i use the ivory ones from grovia and plh . 
we got this for a one step down into a den . 
also , the handle mechanism actually fell open aprt . 
the first time , dh just screwed it back together . 
it did it a total of 4 times before we just took it down . 
the opening is very narrow . 
i have many scratches and bruises on hip from that gate . 
dh too . 
if you are really skinny with no dh , okay , maybe . 
so my winning combination is the avent natural glass bottles with this nipple . 
just a gentle squeeze to the package pops it apart . 
and you are good to go . 
when i first starting breastfeeding , my daughter could n't latch onto me . 
it was wonderful ! 
but , it did n't hurt like i thought it would . 
it was uncomfortable at first , but breastfeeding is uncomfortable at first too . 
it holds everything you need to pump . 
3 - it 's comfortable . 
they were great . 
and i stopped pumping at 12 weeks . 
i do n't have anything to compare it to . 
but i wish it had bigger tires . 
it does n't do well in the parking garage of the airport we use . 
knock on wood . 
every time i pick it up 
i think    
after all it 's in car safety . 
my bad . 
it 's so the baby can see itself . 
watching my two year old daughter would have been nice 
but she 's a little old to be mesmerized by her own image . 
i have another daughter on the way 
great for teaching my little one how to drink out of a cup . 
the only problem is the handles and bad , not functional . 
they are too small 
its a great sanitizer steamer solution . 
wish they sold these in stores ! 
they do n't even have an instruction video on their website . 
we use these wraps every day , especially over fitted diapers for nighttime . 
my only complaint is that the size 1 runs really small . 
my daughter loved this toy 
but she could never pull it . 
i wish it was easier for a baby to pull . 
i have these locks installed in my kitchen and bathroom . 
they are awesome . 
we have stayed there 3 times and the mattress condition is the same . 
my son has to travel often and stay at this hotel 
so we wanted it to be as comfortable as possible . 
it appears that he slept better with the topper . 
the topper feels firm but comfortable . 
incidentally the delivery was fast . 
2011.it is my understanding that under normal usage conditions the foam is safe . 
if the foam catches fire toxins will be released . 
i also like the fact that is has a nice lining . 
it is also a good size . 
i bought the lion one ass 
however , this seat liner was very easy to install . 
it took about one minute total and there was zero frustration . 
the seat liner appears to be made very well . 
i bought this to match my galaxy grey ergo . 
this insert worked well when my son was a smaller than average newborn . 
my only issue was how warm my son would get in this insert . 
however this one has stayed up for months with no problem . 
love this product . 
we use it daily for small trips to grocery stores and what not . 
it 's awesome and easy to use . 
we decided to give it a try . 
i would recommend this for smaller babies who have n't started moving much yet . 
these are working great for us . 
they stay in place well on my wiggly 10 month old girl . 
i will definitely buy more if mine break or get lost . 
easy to use , makes life a lot less stinky . 
i would recommend putting wet diapers in a separate garbage 
can because it 's not like they stink and need the diaper genie treatment 
that part of this deal is a bit of a pain . 
love it ! 
it 's nice with the divider . 
the lid is not totally necessary 
so i guess it 's ok . 
also has a nice cover . 
this is a waste of money and sleep . 
move the baby close to you if it is an option . 
it will continuously beep at you with no receiving from the base . 
this is my 2nd unit in 5 months . 
there are not many choices out there for long distance range . 
do n't waste your time on this one . 
i ' m on the contrary very satisfied with these nursing pads . 
i throw them into the washer with my baby 's items   
had one for my son who is now an adult ... worked great . 
that said , a bottle will not work very well without good nipples . 
the slow flow nipples that this set comes with are simply atrocious . 
they barely work . 
it took him nearly 10 minutes to drink an ounce . 
i tried out a different slow nipple and the same thing happened . 
he is doing better with those however he still appears to struggle at times . 
i can not understand why the slow flow ones do n't work well 
but they just do n't . 
i am seriously looking into getting a different brand . 
at this time , i do n't think i can recommend these to anyone . 
this is the perfect little accessory for any newborn or infant . 
it make a very gentle rattling noise , which is perfect for little ones.though 
nothing like a happy baby when you 're on the go ! 
so far we have loved this stroller and all it 's accessories ! 
we would definitely recommend it .   
this tray is very useful and i am glad i made the purchase . 
when i attach it to my bumbo , it stays put . 
however , putting it on with a squirming baby can be tricky . 
next time , i will buy the size 2 's in the dayglo color 
so they really stand out ! 
if this bag had better seams and zippers , i would love it . 
i like the material and definitely all the storage . 
the straps are also comfy . 
but as far as durability , this bag leaves a lot to be desired . 
i will not be ordering it a third time . 
a must have for any baby registry . 
the sounds are great . 
anyway we never go anywhere without it . 
a good sleep cue for nap and bed time . 
we like these pacifiers . 
we ' ve used them with both our children . 
with our oldest it seemed like we bought 3 or 4 different brands styles    
the only one he liked was the avent soothie . 
they 're lightweight , a great shape fit ,    easy to clean . 
i wanted something that i could customize just a little bit more . 
i did buy bumgenius diapers for my stash , but just not the freetimes . 
the towel is large and soft . 
very nice quality terry . 
pick up a squirming , wet baby , and it pulls on your neck . 
i had to unfasten it . 
the hood was a little small and difficult to orient over his head . 
but the towel performed great as far as absorbancy and softness . 
they also can not kick these off ! 
i have been using one of those . 
if you want something for leather , try the prince lionheart ones . 
this is just as described , works great for curvy mamas and bigger dads . 
i have two issues with this though . 
and a personal one the packaging for this item could be improved . 
still reccomend to anyone who uses the ergo . 
these are amazing ! 
but they 're awesome ! 
we use them when we take our 7 month old out to lunch . 
definitely a lifesaver ! 
these liners are a great way to catch potties on the go . 
easiest installation . 
easiest base to use . 
the best car seat system available . 
i actually have n't found a car that this base will not fit in . 
i like that when he stands to ride he is    34 stuck   
34   because he is between me and the stroller . 
i also like that it folds up 
and i do n't kick it if it is attached 
and i am not using it . 
m sure there are some babies out there that would like this little teether 
but it 's just not for us . 
my 3yo sleeps so much better with this pillow . 
this item is really cute . 
i purchased it as a baby gift for a one - year - old . 
came quickly and as described . 
this sleep sack looks like it does in the picture . 
it is soft and seems very cozy for a baby . 
i am very satisfied with my purchase . 
he have not attempted to pull on the box yet    
i am sure its coming   since it barely attached to the wall now . 
these make changing poops a breeze . 
life right out easily . 
they do stick out of the diapers a bit 
they really seem to not provide much coverage for our suv windows . 
it is just ok for the newborn baby but just does n't look great . 
they are n't too expensive 
so i guess that is a plus . 
this seat is great ! 
i think it will be great to keep using for a long time ! 
it is comfortable for him and also easy to clean . 
only complaint is the little cups   we already lost one   
love these inserts . 
soft , just the right size and very absorbent . 
i use it with my kawaii pocket diaper at night . 
no leaks and she 's not wet 
i did , however , appreciate that they have a lid for each bowl . 
plus it has a cute design ! 
this is a wonderful alternative ! 
he loves how open it is to see out . 
we also like that it has recline positions . 
for a first version of the stroller , we are really happy ! 
so it is cute and baby likes it , too . 
i bought this for my 6 month old for grocery shopping . 
its so awesome . 
every kid that comes over hops on it and goes for a ride . 
i can not wait ! 
i recommend this to everyone i know , totally worth the    ! 
i can not even start saying what a bad buy this chair 
is.pros   zero   maybe italian leather ! 
1- expensive2- very hard to clean3- 
requires two hands and some muscle!5- chair is low for the tray   
i have big baby . 
so i am not sure how little babies can even reach the tray 
we still use it on occasion 
b c he loooves the little toy tray that you can attach . 
we ' ve also used it on trips to the inlaws . 
but overall , this is a very nice product ! 
it 's very cute and serves its purpose . 
so far this is kiddo 's favorite chewy . 
we just got it today 
so i 'll come back and update . 
but kiddo gave up blankey for the chewy and has n't looked back ! 
however , the design is fabulous . 
very few parts to wash and potentially lose . anti - slip bottom 
everything else sucks about it from my experience.1 . 
fills up way too quick2 . 
quality is cheap , pedal broke , top would n't open . 
i bought this for my son when he was about four months old . 
once he figured out how to work the toy , he was in love . 
he 's currently nine months old and he still loves it . 
i would definitely buy this again . 
i got two of these bc we were traveling and boy 
they were so uncomfortable . 
so this is the second cup holder that i have bought for my stroller . 
it takes a beating . 
i bought this my brest friend pillow in anticipation of nursing my newborn . 
however i soon tired of fetching the pillow every time i wanted to nurse 
and so i went without it for a while . 
so i am back to using the pillow frequently but not religiously . 
the belt allows me to determine the height level of my baby when breastfeeding . 
the buckle is easily released with one hand . 
my husband and i are expecting a baby . 
they shrank to the perfect size in the wash and dry .   
washed in cold water and dried using a low setting in the dryer .these 
sheets now fit my standard crib mattress   davinci twilight 
i put them on the bed . 
just thrilled with them . 
they performed exactly as expected . 
and i think i should . 
such an easy product to use - 
and we have the cot at the lowest level now 
we used this nonstop when we had a new little one in the house . 
the toys make it fun for them to play with while laying down . 
i highly recommend this to all parents . 
in the end , i am glad i bought it . 
we keep a car seat in every car 
the airprotect is second , but by far . 
.this has been so convenient for me , especially when we travel . 
i bring my toddler car seat and my orbit base and voila ! 
car seat and stroller in one ! 
despite this set back , i still love it . 
and you 'd like some more shade coverage   
we did when we took our baby to hawaii ! , 
you 'll easily double or triple your shade this way . 
this is an excellent   hack . 
lasted about a month and started falling apart . 
they are not breathable and can cause diaper rashes for sensitive skin . 
other than that , the basket does what it should . 
the lower compartment has a removable divider . 
do n't think you will also fit the lids in here ! 
i went ahead bought another one 
so i could sterilize more bottles at one time . 
i can fit even less into these holders than with the avent ! 
i think it says it will hold 14 nipples ? 
since i already had these previously i am making it work 
lightweight . do n't fall off the windows . 
shades my baby 
but you can still see out the window . 
i absolutely love this pitcher ! 
it has made our lives so much easier . 
it made a world of difference ! 
note   adding formula will increase the amount of liquid in the pitcher 
, so i suggest adding 28 oz . 
of water and 14 scoops of formula to get a   full   pitcher . 
if you fill it up with 32 oz . 
of water initially , it will overflow once you add the formula . 
just a helpful tip . 
this product lasted me about six months . 
i am a little rough with things . 
with that said , i think i got my money 's worth ! 
i purchased another one today . 
it is made in usa so that comforts my family . 
and it is easy to use 
i highly recommend this . 
very solid and good structurally ! 
although mine creaked a bit 
but i think it was just a defective unit . 
do n't forget to buy a real good mattress for it 
cuz that 's really what your kid will sleep on . 
frame is just for support.enjoy ! 
they contain the smell well and i would recommend . 
a great alternative to a full sized high chair with all the functionality . 
we would purchase this high chair again in a second . 
it is easy to clean and is perfect for our growing child . 
we look forward to many years of use . 
my baby loves this teether . 
we first gave it to him when he had just turned 3 months old . 
our pediatrician told us there 's no way he could be teething 
so i was hesitant to try yet another teether . 
m glad i did because he took right to it . 
so we think he 's gearing up for his top teeth.the only thing about it 
so i ' m glad it comes with the case . 
we have to frequently rinse it 
and we definitely keep it in 
it 's case . 
he is starting to get bored in it . 
it is pretty easy to get on , 
so i snapped the two parts of the tray together . 
it is then very stable , but kind of cumbersome to do . 
so handy ! 
i am going to order more . 
these are space savers compared to the other formula container we were using . 
, the cover flap looks badly frayed 
these are nice clips . 
i thought i was gon na love this 
but it 's just ok . 
i think it 's a bit loud . 
i had to put tape over the speaker because it was so loud . 
the tape muffled the noise . 
it 's simple which is good . 
if my daughter loved it then i 'd probably give it another star 
but she 's indifferent about it . 
but i would never recommend this carrier to anyone . 
it hurt him so much he cried this weekend . 
i am so glad that we only bought a few . 
they 're absorbent and wash well but we prefer best bottom diapers . 
their inserts are much trimmer and work just as well . 
we refer to these areas as   baby jail    0 
i would recommend to a friend . 
also replacement straws are much cheaper then the foogo straw cups . 
the diaper still looks great but does not have the blueish tint . 
instead the background is bright white as is the edging   banding . 
great item ! 
i purchased this item , of course , for my playard pack n play 
and it works wonderfully ! 
she says the regular cotton sheets tend to pull off too easily . 
i gave her one of the sheets , a few days later   
she called to say how wonderful the fit and softness is in her playard . 
you will not be disappointed , i promise ! ! 
worked great for me and was easy to remove and wash ! 
i would recommend it for long and skinny crib rails 
my 4 month old grandson it starting to hold it . 
i list all the reasons why i dislike this activity gym 
let me tell you what i do like about it . 
the color scheme and design of the activity gym is pleasing to the eye . 
the rattles that come with this toy are cute . 
they will attract the interest of babies . 
well , first off the play mat itself is small . 
because it 's a circle 
with tiny love and bright starts you can easily fold the gym for storage . 
but i do n't think it 's worth the price or the hype . 
this would n't be one of my top three choices for an activity gym . 
these bottles are super heavy compared to evenflow and drbrowns glass bottles . 
i returned these as the flow for our new born is too fast . 
1 nipple worked for us . 
this duck replaces one we bought when our daughter was born . 
i should probably test it . 
this works great unless the table is very textured . 
i like it a lot better than the disposable ones- 
it 's easier to set up and less wasteful . 
you have to really push on the suction cups for it to work- 
you will be able to see the indentations on the top of the mat . 
the projector works after a month of continuous use   nightly . 
i wish nuby had a standard size for different kind of cups like avent . 
it is on the pricey side too 
we are very pleased with our purchase . 
it holds my medela bottles and accessories perfectly . 
i also tried it out with dr . 
browns , as well as avent bottles . 
all the bottles i tried fit well on this system . 
the water drips below keeping the whole system very clean . 
and the suction cups do n't stick to the floor . 
the canvas bags are fantastic . 
perfect for putting snacks in for the kids . 
they can go in their lunch , in the car , outside , wherever . 
my only complaint . 
regardless , i would still recommend this item . 
the kids also love the fun fabric choices . 
also best price for what you get   3 bags . 
, it washed well the first time , and its smooth and soft . 
got these for making home made baby food . 
perfect sizes , easy to use . 
never got any freezer burn . 
i ordered britax foot muff for my 8 months old since winter is coming . 
only , yet big , issue is it is so small . 
my daughter fits in here right now . 
now it is fall here . 
when it is winter , i doubt she can use it . 
it is far shorter than its stroller . 
even now it is difficult to zip if she is wearing a shoe . 
just wondering why britax make it little longer and roomy . 
or it should put product size . 
it is surely not one size product . 
i got my daughter two wubunubs 
as we all know , babies leak . 
from both ends .     
however , it is a lot floppier than i expected . 
it is better for just leaving in one place . 
i do really like the way it looks . 
this is my baby 's favorite toy and teether ! 
i ca nt say enough good things about this product . 
looks great . 
zero complaints so far . 
settled on it in the khaki.when 
so now i was anxious to use it . 
this was perfect ! 
i passed through people with ease . 
could n't be easier . 
she seemed comfy in it and enjoyed the ride . 
i had a very small bag that actually fit 
but i had to incline baby 's seat and squeeze it in and out . 
if the sun is n't behind you or directly overhead 
it 's pretty much in your kid 's eye even if it is pulled 
all the way.all-in-all ... 
yes , i ' m glad i did my homework and now conquer 
, this is the lightweight stroller to own . 
i keep this in my living room for my grandchild 's toys . 
it has a rich brown color and fits in nicely . 
m glad i found this toy chest and it 's worth the price . 
this protective sleeve has truly saved us so much money . 
believe me my daughter has tested it on our wood floor many times . 
but does n't work . 
toward the end of my free month i got this pos . 
did not like it . 
it did n't compare at all to the hospital version . 
sometimes half that time . 
is also a joke . 
popping my lips apart generates more suction . 
my mom was going to buy the whole thing for me new . 
glad i did n't let her . 
i spent   60 on a used one , and that was too much . 
paid   250 for my hospital one . 
i would n't recommend it . 
and then it 's on for the next 25 - 45 minutes . 
good table for the price . 
not sure what more can be said about these caps . 
and i can confirm , you will be . 
this toy makes my baby giggle . 
the happy face , materials and pleasing squeak add to 
it 's usefulness as a teether . 
the legs make good handles and they can help baby reach the back teeth . 
wonderful toy . 
we plan to buy more of these . 
definitely not a product that lasts forever . 
it air dried the rest of the way . 
this sponge is bigger than other bath sponges on the market too . 
better mattress than what comes with the crib . 
firm but not hard . great for infants . 
fits into the mini crib just right . 
you will be happy with this mattress . 
the easy clean - up aspect of using the liner works great while traveling . 
there also does n't seem to be any issues with leakage from the bottle . 
this superyard was easy to assemble , i did it by myself . 
it 's sturdy and it 's attractive . 
so it 's perfect for us . 
this works great with the infantino pouches ! 
the whole set is amazing . 
i wish i would have purchased it sooner ! 
have n't used them yet but wanted them as burp cloths . 
and you get lots for a good price ! ! ! 
it is easy to hold and   apparently   fun to chew on . 
the price makes it an easy decision ! 
we had an original bjorn for our first child and decided to upgrade . 
the back support on this one is a huge improvement . 
my only complaint with it is in the forward - facing mode . 
not so with this model . 
but my daughter can run around and barely make a sound . 
plus , he loved it because he could do some things on his own . 
the underneath storage is wide open where your baby would place their feet . 
not a huge deal if your just keeping a diaper bag in there   
it 's big enough   
but if you have little things , i imagine they will fall out . 
also you can not wash the cover , it does not come off . 
i do n't think i would ever re buy this . 
it looks so nice , does n't it ? 
if , somehow , the lid has any pressure , it will leak . 
i repeat , it will leak . 
for the price , this product is seriously a joke . 
flawed in every way.you ' ve been warned ! 
so far i love it ! 
you can tell it is a lot cheaper made than my advocate . 
all overall for the money i would do it again as a second seat . 
the dalmatian arrived as expected and its super soft and of course adorable . 
it 's not quite as durable as i would have expected . 
for all the wear and tear my kids has put this thing through i 
would say it 's holding up well though as a whole 
the base does wiggle a bit . 
we purchased a wench to help tighten the base with the seatbelt . 
the directions were challenging for me to understand . 
getting it out of his car is a pain , though . 
we listen for two clicks and know that the seat is safely in place ! 
we had to buy the 11   34   extension which was   
i read tons of reviews on baby gates before ordering this one . 
reviews.we experienced the same problems as other reviewers . 
while trying to install the extension , the plastic piece in the hole shattered . 
34    without having to buy any additional extensions . 
that gate actually goes up to 45   34 . 
it was also much easier to install than the munchkin gate . 
al m aacute ximo 
y c oacute modo 
they are so soft yet breathable . 
perfect especially for summer , but great in winter too . 
these are all i own now . 
tossed the rest 
one thing to remember is the video feed will not be like hd quality . 
the zoom feature works 
viewing- color video monitor- digital signal- easy setup and detection 
our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training . 
that 's a relief for me ! 
i thought i had found the gate . 
how difficult would it have been to make both sides adjustable ? 
how often is there baseboarding on only one side of an opening ? 
this design strikes me as a good idea but the execution is ridiculously bad . 
that was a very poor trade - off in my opinion . 
i thought that was sleazy . 
this gate is going back tomorrow . 
quick take   
second , the temperature reading unit is on the back of the monitor . 
that being said , there are lots of things to like about this monitor    
the best new cordless phones use this , too .   
the battery life on the parent unit seems very long .   
, it limits this monitor 's usefulness as a travel monitor . 
it 's really hard to read . 
i 'd really recommend.screen   
the screen really is very poorly designed and hard to read.beeping noises   
maybe because the screen is so hard to read ?   
that 's ridiculous.inflexible adapters   
the controls and features do n't make them very useful . 
these are great . 
they stay in place   i even have trouble getting them off sometimes . 
my one year old tries and tries to remove them with no success . 
this has saved me several times from having to wash a car seat ! 
you 're welcome for that visual ! holds up great to washing 
and i line dry . 
i bought this set as a gift . 
i had to pump 24 7 and ended up with mastitis and clogged ducts . 
not fun . 
i decided to try these despite the cost and they are wonderful . 
saved me from going crazy those first few weeks ! 
we purchased this tub in transparent blue . 
at first sight it seems huge . 
it 's because the tub has two   sides . 
other reviews state that the drain is slow , but i would n't know .... 
have been using this tub for about four months and have no complaints . 
it also matches our blue themed bathroom quite nicely . 
also the shipping time was great ! 
i like this bed . 
we use it daily as my son prefers it.to 
sustain the life of the bed 
we do not store the pump in the travel bag with the bed . 
always good to have a few extras just in case . 
they fit tight around the door and are a semi - rigid foam . 
not much else to say , they do what they say they do . 
love this . 
the light up scroll is great too . 
i put this away to save for the next kid , stores flat . 
i would highly recommend this . 
but the birds are fun- one rattles and one squeaks . 
they are also bpa , phthalates and melamine free . 
a big plus is that they are made in the usa ! 
i love this stroller . 
you just need to put on the wheels and cup holder . 
the front wheels just click on . 
its great . 
the 2 major selling points for me were the huge canopy and huge basket . 
the basket is as big or bigger than a regular full size stroller . 
the same goes for the canopy . 
its got a bigger canopy than most full sized strollers . 
its not that big of a deal , i can just shorten my stride . 
its really easy to maneauver . 
i can swivel it with just one hand , on flat surfaces . 
you need both hands on rough or rocky terrain . 
they 're a hard textured plastic but not rough . 
some people even said they got blisters from them ! ! ! 
i really like this stroller 
and i 'd recommend it to anyone . 
they fit perfectly over the shoulder and are very soft and absorbent . 
i would definitely recommend these . 
the sizing is completely incorrect . 
i ' m bigger than a 34 ddd . 
i bought it when i had my 2nd child 
and it is one of the best pieces of furniture i have ever bought . 
this fits perfectly over my keyfit 30 seat . 
i love it ! 
it solves the problem of dressing my son for the weather . 
in colder weather , i put a blanket on him underneath it . 
it is great wind protection ! 
much better than a previous bottle warmer i owned . 
it warmed up the bottle in half the time . 
i was expecting something much larger than this . 
it 's made of thick plastic and fits over the stroller great . 
the back may not line up exactly 
but i do n't care . 
i just want to make sure the babies are covered completely and it does . 
i use these as changing pad table wherever liners and they work great . 
for the price i 'd actually recommend picking these up instead of 
these were a huge time life saver with my newborns infants . 
the    when he gets up . 
i do n't find the light to be all that   ' soft ' though 
we have n't had to replace the batteries either . 
i bought this because i heard so many great things about it . 
so i broke down and bought it for my 9 month old daughter . 
she has n't touched it once . 
do n't waste the      on one little toy . 
lesson learned . 
great product ! 
it 's very simple and easy to put pictures in . 
i would recommend this product ! 
it comes with a nice protective box to store . 
very easy to hold and sip . 
my baby loves to chew on the silicone spout as she is teething now . 
we purchased these when our son was about a month old . 
we love these and plan to use them with every child we have . 
they are a hassle to put togather in the middle of the night 
well worth the hassle though   o 
i have purchased the yellow tint avent bottles and they were always leaking ! 
love the bottles . 
they have added the adaptor ring . 
but otherwise this is a nice toy instrument . 
our stove is an older model and the lock protrudes 
you do n't have to remove it to open 
the oven   when unlocked   
we plan to use simple zipties with a few drilled holes .   
it felt really secure with my newborn in it . 
and it hangs right off 
i ' ve never had any leaks . 
i hand wash my bottles , and i do not sterilize them . 
and it 's perfect . 
i think he has just about everyone that has been made . 
the kid loves it . 
i really like these caps . 
they fit on my medela glass and plastic bottles and are dishwasher safe . 
this cup holder fits great on my boy 's chicco enjoy stroller . 
great value . 
i love the cover that comes with the scissors ! 
it has a little click area where you can lock on the lid 
so it does n't come lose in your purse like your other scissors . 
the fabric is light - weight 
and i ' m 
my son loves his sophie . 
this pump worked wonderfully . 
it    34 sucks   34 . 
this was kind of weird 
but after a while became a conditioned stimulus for pumping . 
i would actually get less when i could n't hear the beeping . 
5 stars for the customer service . 
these bottles are the best . 
and they work great . 
only pain is they take more time to clean . 
my 19 month old really loves this fork and spoon set . 
i highly recommend these for a toddler ! 
they 're a good size for my son 's hands   
he 's 9 months old , but 
ideally , the sipping edge of the cup would be more rounded . 
i would highly recommend this or any other mobi nightlight . 
8217 s , snappy , gerber . 
avent bottles will fit , but not with the protective splash ring in place . 
the dial is totally inaccurate . 
turn it to 1 min , you get 15 seconds .   
yes , i was watching a real clock   
turn it to 30 seconds 
you get 3 mins and 
i read the review from the woman who is scalding her milk on purpose . 
8217 t buy one of these . 
please , no.i don   
very nice , does the job . 
very easy to assemble , does not move or slip . 
would buy again if it was n't   20 a pair 
the toy part is great ! 
the baby loves tugging on the flower strings . 
i tried using it on car seat , playard , and crib . 
same problem . 
not sure what seat this was designed for . 
he is 5 months now . 
i just recently removed the mesh lining . 
this bath tub is really sturdy and has served its purpose well . 
however one of the bumps in the bath tub has bothered me . 
you can tell what i am talking about . 
so when i wash his bottom he has slipped right off it . 
needless to say i have to be extra careful when i do this . 
overall this bath tub is a decent product . 
i love that it adapts with the growth of your child . 
product is definitely not specifically designed for the motorola mbp-36 as claimed . 
it 's a generic universal charger with an adapter plug . 
the pins on the adapter i received were bent and barely fit the cord . 
this is a great grooming kit with a soft brush and sturdy comb . 
the mirror is not glass 
so it does n't break if it drops . 
it was a bit expensive 
but i ' m glad i purchased this . 
i like the all - in - one as a nighttime diaper . 
it never leaks ! 
my babies had trouble latching for whatever reason . 
i tried all kinds of advice . 
i did n't like the idea of nipple shields . 
pasties with a respectable purpose ? 
i tried 3 different sizes . 
the 24 mm seemed too big for their mouths or to stay in place . 
i like this design so that their noses touch my bare skin . 
i tried one where it was a solid circle so their noses touched silicone 
and it seemed just a little harder for them to breath easy . 
they are very easy to clean . 
this tray is simple and does what it 's supposed to do . 
it would also be cool if it came with a lid . 
it 's just 
it 's a little tough to empty . 
otherwise it 's great . 
just fill the tray , freeze , empty , and toss in the dishwasher . 
these are really durable , fun , and functional . 
they are very easy to clean and come in fun colors . 
the handle is sturdy and allows for easy grip for my baby . 
the bibs are soft and absorbent . 
great product , great fabric . 
these cups are incredible ! 
so many uses 
i was not even aware were possible . 
they are sturdy and have withstood throwing and banging very well . 
we love these cups ! 
i love this play gym , my baby loves it more . 
i love the colors and the fact that it can fold up . 
this is a great product . 
no real issues so far . 
it does n't seem super comfortable for my kid but it does the job . 
i got this on an amazon sale - the coloring is nice and neutral . 
the tray is very easy to take off and clean . 
i used this until my daughter was about 7 months old . 
this one is much lighter and kept me cooler while carrying her . 
highly recommend this one if you just need a cheap , comfortable baby carrier . 
made doing things around the house easier by being able to carry her ! 
i bought this for my 8 month old but it is extremely narrow . 
it 's the maximum 
so the baby is even more crowded . 
i wouldn t recommended this product 
the bassinets are quite roomy . 
to use the pnp you have to uninstall the bassinets . 
so no ' best of both worlds ' . 
so i only had to change the top layers 
i kept them retracted most times . 
or should i say just as annoying as any other pnp . 
no worse than any other so no big deal . 
the bottom floor board goes in and comes out with ease . 
it 's heavy so 
no fear of the girls lifting it 
up.all sides are mesh so great airflow and visibility . 
but no shading when used outdoors in full sun.like 
my girls can still both sleep in it at 20mo old . 
absolutley worth the purchase and would most definitely recommend to a friend . 
we switched to these from the swaddleme blankets when our baby outgrew being swaddled . 
and she would play with hand toys and keep herself occupied for 10 minutes ... 
just enough to get a few chores done . 
this is a really great little potty chair . 
my granddaughter loves it . 
highly recommend it . 
i use dr . 
brown 's standard bottles . 
i only tried to use this brush one time for the bottles . 
i had a heck of a time cramming it into the bottle . 
when i pulled it out of the bottle , soapy water went everywhere . 
i also do n't like the nipple brush . 
i ' ve tried . 
so there 's no point in returning the unopened brush .i 
love the suction cup on the bottom . 
it came loose within the envelope with no plastic bag for protection . 
wish i had ordered many more as a newborn goes through them quickly . 
nice to have them a beige color 
i love these covers ! 
i purchase several other brands to see which i liked best . 
these are by far my favorite . 
they 're thin 
so i can put his pants over them . 
i use prefolds and they have n't leaked once . 
i purchased this toy when my son was just 3 mos old . 
he was not interested in it until around 5 6mos . 
since then it had been a favorite . 
the first pair i bought was good 
but then i lost one of them 
so i decided to get another pair . 
got the new pair 
i notice that one of the plush has weird look to it . 
it was n't round like how it is supposed to be . 
otherwise , this is a good product w reasonable price . 
it worked great . 
so if you are having problems with the pump try it without the cushion . 
4 to 6 ounces in 15 to 20 minutes 
we have it installed on the passenger side rather than in the middle . 
we have only used it rear - facing so far . 
otherwise , this seat is great , and well worth the money . 
under details it does state that this is only 16   high . 
the quality is what you 'd expect for the price - adequate . 
mine has the one where you pull on the bottom ring . 
finally , i ' ve found a guard that works perfectly ! 
, the skip hop whale will not work for you , try this ! 
we got this and a another type of swaddle blanket at our baby shower . 
the other swaddle blanket   miracle blanket   is much better . 
great little bed for when grandsons visit . 
storage areas for diapers , clothes , lotion , etc . 
just a great little bed that does n't take up much room . 
this turned out to be difficult to remove on some bottles . 
look no further than this belt . 
it is easy to use , and has been in use daily since purchasing . 
better than any belt we have had so far 
save your money , do not buy this ! 
weird since it 's made by graco 
and i have a graco pack n ' play ? 
flimsy plastic and does not come together at the seams very well . 
fingers crossed ! 
if you had a briteax before - this should be a no - brainer . 
these seats seem so sturdy and well made ... 
no questions asked . 
even tho the seat was one year past the warranty . 
it 's just hard to be the softness of velour ! ! 
both of my kids love these pacifiers and refused all other types . 
they are durable and hold up in the dishwasher . 
the glow in the dark handle is surprisingly helpful at night . 
hopefully your baby only messes at one end at night   
2 were within the last 3 weeks ! 
it can also be painful especially if your nipples are cracked and bleeding . 
the pump in style accommodates small and large chests alike . 
there are 5-simple steps in all , and it takes 2 to 3-minutes tops . 
start pumping . 
after each session , disassemble and wash . 
although , the membranes and tubing should be hand washed only . 
the compartment stores up to 20-ounces of breast milk . 
3-rectangular cooling packs keep the breast milk cold for hours . 
medela includes 20-csf collection bags for storing , which i bought separately . 
they feature measurement indicators in both milliliters , and ounces . 
labels are included as well , so the date can be recorded . 
they should go right into the freezer , or refrigerator . 
breast milk will remain fresh in the refrigerator for up to a week . 
the pump and all its parts weighs 7-lbs . 
it 's actually difficult for me to find negatives . 
therefore , i believe the benefits outweigh any objectionable points . 
if asked to present a con , i would suggest the following . 
upon occasion , breast milk will leak into the tubing . 
this is n't a huge issue . 
hang the tubing to dry . 
hang the tubing to dry . 
thus , i found it best to sit up straight when pumping . 
these cards had my daughters attention from about 8 - 10 weeks old . 
it was something for her to look . 
i also would make up stories about the animals to keep her engaged . 
i love the look of it - its colorful , pink girly but 
in practice is very umcomfortable to use.disadvantages 
and i am very dissappointedoverall , i got it because its cute and girly 
but i would not get this again . 
love the grip to help keep ands from slipping too . 
i recommend , i like them 
, my son likes them , durable plastic , thumbs up . 
this bib is a great looking bib . 
this is because while the material is absorbant , it does not absorb quickly . 
i ordered 3 of these at different times and like it . 
i read that it 's good for babies that are colicy or has reflux 
i thought that was weird . 
it 's not as if it 's getting excessive use . 
i ' m going to write to dr . 
brown 's site and ask why this is . 
i do n't see labels coming off other brand bottles . 
this is the album i did n't buy . 
price is very reasonable .   
it 's made of fabric . 
i did n't think this would be a good idea for photos . 
boy - was i wrong .   
flipping pages is easy , because it 's fabric . 
no trying to separate the cardboard pages .   
popular with everyone who sees it .   
photos slide in easily .   
tag on the top corner 
that it has   genius babies   stamped on the back . 
i know that genius baby toys makes the album 
but i do n't really like their name . 
why the pressure ? are all babies going to grow up to be geniuses ? 
for the price , works great . 
not 5 stars because it interferes with my cisco - linksys wrt54gl signal . 
did not interfere with my wifi . 
this video monitor does everything it is supposed to do . 
this monitor is a great value for the money . 
i should have read the description more closely and examined the materials listed . 
that 's on me . 
my go to cup . 
the best part is how easy it is to clean . 
this is a great toy for infants . 
i would recommend for 3- to 9-month olds . 
these are translucent . 
the ones i bought previously were opaque and i preferred that look . 
i really like these pads - 
they are very soft and do not leak through . 
they wash and dry well , and come out soft as new . 
this is very well made . 
m glad we did ! 
it has been great for our nursery . 
the second one we bought did the same . 
glad he did n't choke on it . 
also milk seems to be the one bad liquid . 
this is my favorite for the least amount of leakage . 
it has it moments where it makes me mad . 
these stainless steel bottles are a great alternative to plastic bottles . 
the colors are also very fun and cute ! 
my little five month old sits very comfortably in this awesome car seat . 
and i ' 
strips my cloth diapers and rinses clean even in he washer . 
my white sheets came out looking new ! highly recommend . 
makes cleaning dirty cloth diapers a breeze ! 
make sure to pair it with bumkin 's diaper spray . 
the less poop in my washer the better . 
these are perfect for the dr browns bottles . 
they are easy to get on with water and they stay 
has an easy time holding the bottles herself with these sleeves 
on.i also feel better about packing them in the diaper bag . 
my girls love playing with both the ducks    chewing on their bills . 
i ' m throwing the infantino away due to the mold issues . 
i love these bowls . 
these are microwaveable and dishwasher safe . 
i have had pasta sauce in these and they are not stained . 
they are less likely to slip . 
love 'em ! 
it 's also really easy to clean . 
no padding that you have to take out and wash . 
no crevices for food to get trapped . 
the only other accessory we bought is the baby set . 
i bought a cushion but returned it because it was n't necessary . 
it 's worth it ! ! 
our 6 month old to sleep in her crib for naps . 
it is soft and easily washable . 
i have a baby with reflux who has put this mattress to the test . 
it repells moisture , and my baby is very comfortable sleeping on it . 
i have no complaints about this mattress . 
this bed rail is the perfect size but it will not stay put . 
the bed rail gets caught up in the sheet . 
i hate to return items but the bed rail went back . 
my rating   amazon ten , bed rails zero . 
we found this by chance while browsing a local baby store . 
glad we did ! 
it blankie has helped during sleep training . 
it 's always by his arms . 
very soft and cute . 
have since given it to friends as gifts . 
this do the trick ! 
so far they work well and have washed up nicely . 
they are about 8 months old , and all three we bought are fine . 
i was really bummed about that . 
i think it 's definitely worth the price . 
unfortunately , as other reviews have mentioned , it comes off too easily . 
my daughter would turn her head twice and pop ! 
this would fall off . 
everything is sterilized in 5 minutes ! 
we love this sterilizer . 
give it 5 - 7 minutes and voila ! done ! 
be careful not to overfill with water for this reason . 
brown 's bottles , so you can only imagine ! . 
but , i guess for the price you can not really complain . 
that 's all i need to say , really . 
these changing pads are exactly as described . 
they are super soft , and wick away moisture easily . 
i also like the ecru color as it blends easily with any decor . 
he hated the ergo infant insert , and i needed a quick solution . 
the infantino carrier is super basic . 
no special back support , just adjustable cross - straps . 
we ended up buying the baby bjorn instead . 
bottom line   
definitely not a fan of this product . 
this pail is living up to reviews - easy to change and use . 
so far so good . 
he is very attached to the avent pacifiers . 
this mirror is wonderfully entertaining for baby ! 
this bathtub is well made . 
however , it did not work for us . 
the design of the bath is mostly good . 
the seat is great . 
it helps prop up the baby well . 
the sling seems too taught , like baby might flip out of it . 
it needs to be more hammock like . 
the tub itself is huge and would easily accomodate a 6 month old . 
the huge size crated a storage problem for us . 
also , there 's no hook or loop to hang it from . 
we also have a big spong to set him on for quick bath jobs . 
and it is great . 
our baby got fussy when feeding 
and we could n't figure it out . 
these are awesome bottles . 
we have been very pleased . 
worth every penny . 
bought this as a baby gift and my friend heard great things about them . 
they look very durable and nice . 
could n't live without this pillow . 
this seriously helped me make the switch . 
i have beaba pro 2x and it does not fit at all . 
i know they 're clear , so how can clear be different colors ? 
take that , tiny toddlers ! 
total   had become a major pain . 
and then there 's the finger pinching . 
and then there 's the access to the items behind the bifold doors . 
in our home , that includes all of their clothes   yay ! 
time to empty the cubbies and pull clothes off hangers ! 
! time to play with power cords and stuff with lots of small pieces ! 
this dyson cost   600 . 
let 's try to climb it and knock it over ! 
yay ! . 
no shims needed , no adjusting doors necessary . 
, i can easily reach the lock to slide it to the side . 
that 's it . 
you are awesome . 
looks thick and comfortable . 
it 's a little bit big for the mattress in our cradle , but 
the sheet fits well over the mattress and this pad . 
this particular wipes warmer really does a job in drying out the wipes . 
so i transfer to another container to heat-- more dirty dishes . 
definitely would recommend for those with multiple vehicles . 
the infant monitor must stay plugged in at all time . 
the beep is actually louder then an infant screaming with all of their might . 
so i have a regular lightweight sleepsack . 
my babies seem to do better when they 're swaddled . 
seams are tights with no selvage showing , zippers easy to operate . 
overall , this is a multi - functional bag for stroller or car . 
i am pleased to recommend it . 
just one button . 
so you can really change speeds to vary the consistency very much . 
this thing is tiny ! 
these straps were fantastic for securing my son 's toys to his stroller . 
i bought the ergo baby carrier after using the baby bjorn   
i liked the baby bjorn but it was killing my back 
hats were n't staying on when she moved her head . 
i read a lot of great reviews for the ergo baby 
but i have to say i was a little disappointed     
it is pretty darn tricky to clasp the back clasp   
it kept her so close to me that every time she turned her head 
also , the head rest   sun shade thing covered her all the way up 
i ended up just putting my baby in a stroller for our walks 
out of the box it 's ready to go . 
it caught the attention of my then eight month old grandson . 
it is exactly as it looks with it 's variety of activities . 
it 's sturdy he has thrown it from time to time . 
i guess grandma did good with this pick . 
i received this swing as a baby shower gift . 
the music is soothing but i wish it played longer than it does . 
other than that a must have product . 
you can not fill it to much or the lids will pop 
you can sterilize them without any problems . 
if they were cheaper i would give 5 stars . 
store only , could n't find it online . 
i will be trying those next time i need to replace these . 
no installation is a big big plus and what 's most important it works!. 
i highly recommend it to any parent . 
i adore this system . 
i then twist on a lid and put it in the freezer or fridge . 
but the cost is n't prohibitive . 
he is slower about taking the bottle , but he takes it fine nonetheless . 
this fits in our recaro carseat and our city select stroller . 
you can wash the pad instead of the entire carseat or stroller . 
works well , washes well . 
but , i ordered this miracle blanket before my 3rd son was born . 
he is 2 months old now 
these work really well . 
as far as containing leaks goes , these are awesome . 
no blowouts so far and they wash well . 
love these bibs ! 
perfect shape for catching all that teething drool . 
realy loved this , does n't hurt my back at all   bjorn 
so pleased with this . 
my son clearly feels more supported and comfortable on this than other types . 
my son also enjoys playing with the stackable tower . 
my 5 months old enjoy to play on the mat . 
so mostly loves the owl and the two birds . 
we use is on top of the nook lily pad . 
i did n't know about these till i saw it on a baby blog . 
we have the boon grass . 
anyway , the grass was always filling up . 
i bought this and it is awesome . 
it holds like 8 bottle nipples ! 
brown bottles . 
besides , it is so cute ! 
i love this changing table ! 
let 's be honest ... 
how often do you really use it ? 
i purchased this through amazon for   69 including tax and free shipping ! 
my order arrived earlier then expected ! 
other then that i have no complaints ! 
it does leak if the bottle is squeezed . 
these are my favorite wipes i own . 
super handy to have and so thankful 
i got them as a gift . 
this table has worked out great for us ! 
we initially did n't think we 'd need a changing table 
so we bought a pack n play with changer instead . 
we are short   
it feels more expensive than it is . 
it is well built and sturdy . 
i like that the baby lays inside and there are railings all around . 
this is the only place in the house our baby lays content and happy . 
we purchased this for our 3 month old . 
but i was desperate for relief from aching hips and tossing and turning . 
so i decided to try this . 
i ' m so glad i did ! 
but i did n't get much relief   
so i switched to using it the right way 
and i love it . 
it is firm but not so firm that it bothers my neck . 
it does n't dig in at all . 
i also do n't think it 's super hot like other people said . 
it will be nice in the winter too . 
m so happy i bought this ! ! 
i originally bought agraco digital connect digital baby monitorwhich was always dropping signal 
the motorola is pricey , but well worth it . 
i had to give 5 stars . 
this rack will not fit that much stuff to be home rack imo 
but when you travel you do n't take a lot . 
i think - the case could be even lighter   thinner,- 
is tube shaped .5 
oz   15ml , - 
it is the happy medium between cups that require sucking and a normal cup . 
this makes feeding your baby so simple ! 
you do n't have to perfectly puree or smash . 
i initially got this product when my baby was just learning how to crawl . 
looks great but only when the crib mattress is raised completely . 
i guess that would be true of any dust ruffle , however . 
it 's my money , i should get the product i want . 
the product itself is wonderful and worth every cent . 
i love this ladybug ! 
i placed ours on a dresser and now that she 's 8 months 
she loves looking at the stars . 
i 'll be buying another one for our second baby ! 
any of the animals are great . 
i like ones with ears or some other protrusion for the baby to rub . 
now i always give them as baby gifts . 
our grandson loves the lamaze robot take along toy . 
he is 8 months and it plays with it all the time . 
i contacted the manufacturer and confirmed it is actually bpa free . 
that information is on the packing . 
i like this masher . 
it only takes   30 seconds to mash one serving of food . 
easy to wash , too . 
we now have 2 of them , they work great for traveling . 
just make sure you do n't put it in backwards or upside down 
and you 'll have no problems with it !     
and the handle on it is strong and easy to use as well . 
highly recommend . 
cupholders mainly hold slim sippy cups and water bottles . 
front small pocket is perfect for keys and cell phone . 
still worth it to purchase . 
browns in his mouth much easier than any other . 
i bought my daughter this with my zany zinnias be light . 
too cute ! 
it is sure to take the hard handling of a busy purse loving toddler ! 
this is a great item . 
the butt bumper is great to keep the baby safe . 
it 's also super - cute and a great price . 
the orange   shower   cup is a big hit , too . 
i bought the discovery 5 because it looked bigger than what we had ... 
it is such a headache , and i hate this seat . 
and i just can not stand it anymore 
and i ' m going to have to find a new seat . 
wish i had found them sooner . 
i bought this one when my daughter was 1.5 years old . 
she is 3.5 now    
still drinks formula ! 
so i still have lots of bottles stores in this organizer . 
it makes the house looks much nicer    more organized ! 
i highly recommend this item to everybody ! 
i like these binkies a lot . 
i have a little girl , so i 'd love to choose girlie colors . 
he likes to turn the pages 
the images are good with just the animal on a white background . 
i recommend getting two if you are buying for a baby . 
anyway , back to the point , these bottles have been great ! 
these however , are very easy to clean and smell clean ! 
, it fit perfect and my son liked it ! 
love the softness of the bristles 
- they 're really soft so the soap gets nice and sudsy and cleans 
i do nt understand bottle brushes that are super stiff . 
you 're cleaning baby bottles , not last night 's casserole dish.2 . 
the stand is great . 
it keeps the brush standing with a small footprint . 
you do n't want to stick your brush into a dirty stand.3 . 
the handle is wide and comfortable to hold.could use improvement 1 . 
as other reviewers have noted , the nipple cleaner is useless . 
it 's too thin and weirdly shaped . 
i do nt mind that it 's rubber . 
it splatters soap . 
but it 's annoying . 
i have to wipe down half my kitchen after i was bottles . 
but this one is pretty good . 
i 'd like to see a cheaper price 
but i ' ve bought four of them now so obviously the work . 
highly recommend for all parents of messy babies . 
these cups are great . 
they nest . 
they stack pretty well . 
they can be used on land or in the tub . 
they are compact and portable . 
plus eco - friendly ! money well spent . 
i just trifold a cloth and lay it on the inside . 
super easy . 
so it does n't try to slip out . 
i would never go back ! 
no need ! 
you can turn this over , drop it , etc . 
wow , great . 
my little girl is 6 weeks and getting flat right side from sleeping . 
this makes her head stay straight . 
it 's awesome . 
wish i 'd had when she was born ! 
this is one of my son 's two favorite teethers .   
the other is the zoli bunny teether .   
a lot of his other teethers recommend handwashing only . 
highly recommend ! 
oh how we love sophie . 
this one is easy to grip and hold . 
i wish i had this for my first two kids ! 
i really like it 
, it 's easy to use . 
i ' ve used it on my 2 year old also and it worked . 
and they ended up melted against the bottom heat ring of the dishwasher !     
all good now . 
i appreciate that they sell the parts ! 
when i saw the reviews for this , i had to have it . 
-- i was wrong . 
the price of this is an absolute joke for what it is ... 
i should have paid more attention to the dimensions . 
it does n't even cover my six month old 's legs ! 
he does n't really seem to prefer it over his other blankets either . 
our favorite is the carter 's version of the baby starters textured dot blanket . 
he love it . 
34   hygiene wise , i agreed with her and ordered this set . 
the set made life easier her and baby , and works perfectly . 
we ' ve all been there . 
hey , with plastic bags , you 'll be adding to landfills more often . 
only good thing is that it 's very cute with cute characters . 
this is not truly a 3 in 1 car seat . 
its not reversible like a true 3 in 1 is . 
i was worried the bear was too small and thin for the price 
but it is a perfect sized little bear for my 4mo old son 
and it is surprisingly soft . 
so glad i tried this ! 
i was afraid it would n't work . 
so i have a baby trend expedition jogger , bought in 2010 . 
tried it with my evenflo discovery 5 and it works with some strap left . 
so the straps even work for that too . 
i do n't think i can get the straps aligned with chicco 's strap threader 
but it can make it more secure . 
but still some strap left . 
i ' m one happy mama    
but i would feel comfy walking around.update   
so i finally got to use it with my baby . 
for the most part the chicco did n't move . 
it got wobbly a couple of times . 
but i was walking in the snow on unleveled ground . 
and sometimes i wonder if i did n't have the straps tight enough . 
so they 're still awesome . 
i tried the dr . 
brown and avent feeding systems but encountered several annoying problems . 
my infant son now rarely spits up and hardly has any gas problems . 
in short , our feeding experience underwent drastic improvement upon switching to ventaire bottles . 
however , i found the big avent and dr . 
for our particular situation , ventaire was the best possible choice . 
i really like this cd player . 
i do not understand why it has such a low review . 
yes the light is dim 
but i did not want a bright light . 
it is a nightlite . 
it is just fine . 
i can check on baby and see him fine . 
i put in a lullaby cd and he drifts off to sleep . 
the timer function if great . 
maybe in the next version the manufacture will include this . 
no there is no space to move at all 
and it does not skip .    
it is not perfect but it does the trick ! 
it is extremely difficult to get the cover on . 
some minor inconveniences for me were as follows 1   
i was super careful with them because of this 
so nothing went wrong for me 
but i can imagine someone less careful having problems with this 
i missed the review that said not to buy if you have small spindles . 
in my opinion , not worth the price . 
the description should specify the size . 
this tub is a pain in the neck . 
i struggled with it for 2.5 months . 
i first used the sling when my son was newborn . 
he screamed bloody murder because he was so cold . 
i could not get the water level high enough to keep him warm . 
i was petrified ! 
he slid around the whole time . 
it was very stressful . 
hopefully that will work better when my son is bigger . 
but he bangs it on everything , 
so i guess he is happy with it . 
i have probably a good dozen binkies around my house . 
but i always know where my wubbanub is ! 
i do n't know what i did without these with my other two kids ! 
this cover is so cute ! 
i got this for my grand baby to use on his bumbo floor seat . 
my daughter loves owls so that is her nursery theme . 
these things are amazing . 
my daughter always broke out of blankets and even the velcro swaddlers . 
when she started rolling i knew it was n't safe to swaddle her anymore 
but she would not sleep otherwise 
and i was going crazy . 
it has been a real sanity saver ! 
i ' ve used this since my baby was days old . 
the tea tree oil and lavender essential oil are naturally antimicrobial . 
he has gross poop now more than ever -- thanks toddlerhood ! -- 
very cute . 
every mama should have it ! 
you really do get what you pay for . 
do n't buy any other sterilizer this one is brilliant . 
however always try to check if you need to sterilize something before doing it . 
i have melted my share of spoons and things that did n't need sterilizing . 
i have used these bottles for my three kids and love them ! 
the problem   these are not the same bottle as pictured ! 
the ones in the picture are awe - some ! 
i keep this in the car for fussy times . 
great product for the price ! 
was just larger than he wanted in his mouth . 
he liked the color , but never wanted to chew it really . 
it does take 4 d batteries and we go through them 
but i think it is worth it . 
my toddler    infant love it . 
perfect space saver . 
blue color looks great in my kitchen . 
real wood.this chair works perfectly with just a harness . 
my infant seats with us at the table comfortably . 
i really like how wide these are   
when we lived it japan we had these .. 
and we got some in the states from walmart which suck 
and i found these online so great 
i only wish it had a tab 
.. now it slips out sometimes .. 
it has a good weight to it so it does n't blow around . 
it 's also pretty soft 
so it adds a little padding to the ground . 
it 's quick to open and fold . 
the shoulder strap makes it effortless to carry even while attending to a toddler . 
my daughter is 4 1 2 months old and loves fruit ... 
i let her suck on it 
but it always made me nervous ... 
well , a teething baby    frozen fruit    happy girl ! 
this is the cheapest , best bottle . 
we love these spoons . 
my 9 month old loved them from the first moment she used them . 
she also loves to play with them 
unfortunately , my baby 's cold lasted longer than this little gadget did . 
would not recommend and definitely would n't buy again . 
so far i really like it . 
the only problem is that my baby needs to grow into it . 
the company or what have you   
so it 's a bit big for him right now . 
this product is amazing ! 
the stickers on it stick very well . 
ball can roll , but only if an adult does it a certain way . 
not much more exciting than that . 
these are great if your kid is seriously messy ... like mine is . 
pretty soft fabric . 
this tin can is the best container for my back porch . 
i line the can with a plastic bag . 
i wanted some bibs that were inexpensive , but not cheap quality . 
these are exactly that ! 
literally every bottle you can think of , avent , dr . 
so you have to use storage caps.tommee tippee   nipples collapse and baby 
could n't get a good latch onto the nipplenuk   same issue as dr . 
brown ' sdrop - ins   too much waste , not environmentally friendly . 
just dont.the born free bottles by far take the cake . 
they are very gentle on my sensitive baby 's stomach . 
they are way easier to clean than dr . 
browns , no pipe cleaner required . 
my baby loves them and i do too . 
they have a wide neck 
so it is easy to fill . 
i bought the monkey bib as a gift after receiving my own burpy bibs . 
i love the material , its so soft ! 
but they are still my favorite . 
i love the patterns , the animals all seem pretty unisex . 
but i 'll update later . 
i could n't be happier . 
it works perfectally all the time ! 
i use it 12x a day and everytime 
it heats each bottle perfectally . 
we have been using it for months and it is holding up great . 
the clip is strong but not so strong that i worry about hurting him . 
and i love the design ! 
upon opening the box and pulling out the first piece i was immediately disappointed . 
the edge had splintered while being cut in the manufacturing process . 
i love this product , the dect technology offers you true clear audio . 
the mount allows for banisters that are square or round . 
still the brackets were not a perfect fit on one of our banister 
it is very secure anyways . 
it took a little work but all in all , not too bad . 
it is very secure ! 
the kit really works well . 
trust me fellas , i learned this the hard way . 
he loved it.babies !   
the swing gate can not pinch an unsuspecting toddler either . 
great purchase . 
bought pink one for my third child . 
sleeps great in it and fits the peg pereggo car seat . 
highly recommend . 
we love it and baby is good and safe . 
i like this wrap a lot 
and i am really into baby - wearing . 
the fabric is really soft and it comes in so many nice colors . 
my daughter loves it , too . 
my only problem is that it 's a little complicated . 
it 's not easy enough to get it on and off . 
she can not wear it for too long without getting overheated and fussy . 
if i had to choose between them i 'd choose the moby . 
this is a well thought out concept . 
anyway , as for the product , i am really happy with it . 
it has made pumping a much easier , less tedious task . 
but this has not been an issue for us . 
over all i am definitely pleased with this purchase . 
they ' ve been eating all of their meals on them . 
i ' m totally happy with them . 
we bought the shield for this winter- 
we live in northern nh 
and it 's been colder than normal . 
i was surprised how well it works on the refrigerator ! 
we use this to dry our dr . 
there 's even holes in the top rack that fit 
its a great product especially if you have mobile kids , babies or toddlers . 
keep in mind its kind of bulky 
i love the giraffe print . 
we bought the stroller blanket , crib sheets and diaper changer cover . 
all aden and anais products are soft , durable and adorable 
got this swaddle for my 2 month old who breaks out of swaddles easily . 
this is the best swaddle and would recommend to any mom ! 
got our baby sleeping through the night ! 
we were wrong . 
our son has successfully learned how to climb it and fall over it . 
if you 're looking for your child move on ... 
super cute and seems to be well made . 
the little ears twist with sound . 
grandbaby seems to enjoy it . 
great price too . 
these are a must have if your having a boy . 
who tend to have so many little accidents when you are changing them . 
these go right on our changing pad . 
we only use one at a time right under his butt . 
also poopy diapers and squirming babies sometimes it gets on the pad ! 
this stops that . 
i am so happy i bought this 
you wo nt be disappointed 
i love this diaper caddy . 
i love these ! 
it lights up an entire room ! 
if you try to cover it , the sound gets muffled . 
we 're sending this monitor back - bottom line , i would not recommend it.i 
it seems to attract lots of the fuzz from the hair . 
while it 's very soft , it also feels quite cheap . 
i wish i did n't buy 2 of them . 
this is so much better than the munchkin basket for the tommee tippee nipples ! 
makes washing bottles parts in the dishwasher much easier ! 
got this as a christmas gift and love it ! 
we turn it on 
so our little one can fall asleep . 
makes it easy to check on him , too . 
love the calming green and blue colors . 
we have it on a nightstand , and it looks great . 
the bag is a great design and holds all the diapers . 
i think it does the job pretty well 
and if you are cloth diapering than these bags are essential .the 
hold up great in the washer too . 
i rated it 3 stars because it does leak urine smell 
we bought this booster for a trip to grandmother 's during the summer . 
it works surprisingly well . 
my son thinks it 's cool that he has an inflatable seat . 
no complaints whatsoever . 
i saw the great reviews and decided to give thirsties a try . 
they seem to hold more of the diaper than the other cover i tried . 
i would reccomend these . 
also , i think they fit for a longer time 
so you do n't have to replace them as frequently . 
these blocks are great two are crinkle and two have bells . 
as far as the chemical thing had i read the reviews   
they were a gift   
i would not have bought them . 
however i wash them in the machine then air dry them . 
it helps them go back to their original shape 
and i ' ve never noticed any chemical taste . 
these worked well for us when my son was chewing the rails . 
it melted the underside of the wrap and ruined a part of my dryer . 
so , be careful . 
the monitor itself works brilliantly . 
very good for the price . 
that 's the only bummer though not everyone seems to have this issue . 
i really liked this at first . 
it worked great initially and the pivoting chair was a big plus . 
thus it was not safe to use again . 
i still have it but can not use it anymore , sadly . 
i used these initially when my son started to eat solids . 
this is an adorable soft book . 
my 9 month old loves this . 
it has lots of flaps to discover things and many textures . 
bright colors and it 's just super cute . 
also keeps the pacifier from being lost in the piles of toys in the playroom 
how cute it is . 
it is starting to show its age ... 
or if you find something momentarily more interesting   phase . 
i received this from my baby registry and i love it ! 
it was easy to put together and my husband 
and i love how light the stroller and the car seat is . 
its very easy to fold up and put on take off the car seat . 
design is really cute ! can not wait to use it . 
does n't really bother me , i think it 's enough coverage anyways . 
def recommend this product ! 
my son loves to watch this mobile . 
it also can be made silent while the mobile still moves . 
love this activity mat ! 
more importantly , so does my little guy . 
he loves looking and cooing at and playing with the toys . 
they bird chirps when you squeeze it 
baby is completely entertained and no batteries required ! 
cheap plastic.the wireless range is about the same as an 802.11 g wifi connection . 
i get up to 40 - 60 feet through walls indoors . 
so you know who 's at the front door while you 're cooking . 
this teether has multiple textures and edges that keep my lo entertained . 
the blue wings are filled with water which gets cold in the refrigerator . 
the orange section has raised bumps which help her with teeth she is cutting . 
the antennae are a smooth texture , and she bites on those too . 
i usually have it attached to her carseat for her to play . 
it also matches her other sassy items . 
regular pillows took up way too much space and were too thick high . 
this little pillow is perfect ! 
it does n't take up the entire width of her bed 
so she has room to put her teddy bear 
s   by her head . 
we bought our daughter a toddler sheet set and 
the pillow case that comes with it is for a full size pillow . 
i am sure i could easily sew a pillow case for her 
i 'd buy them again , but they 're nothing special . 
this is a very good tub for smaller babies . 
the sling was useless . 
my baby hated it . 
he is a lot happier that way because he is warmer . 
i have n't tried the shower yet 
so i ' 
another great toy that babies can get ahold of easily . 
it is very durable also . 
very bright colors for the little ones to look at . 
some people mind find the tunes annoying but i do n't . 
it has a light that can be turn on or off . 
the basket is large like the select and the seat roomy and comfy . 
the hand break and handle are great also . 
it can get a little sticky at times , but otherwise folds so thin . 
it is a stroller i will have all through my babies years . 
these are my favorite bibs ! 
these bibs do a great job soaking up liquids and keeping his neck dry . 
if he gets moisture on his neck , he immediately gets terrible rashes . 
i know these are milk feeding bibs 
but i use them daily for solid feeding . 
they wash very well . 
very cute but the music and lights are too fast . 
epilepsy check ? 
we like the images and bright colors . 
also glad that i had additional links on hand . 
over all a good toy . 
i am pleased that baby enjoys it . 
she is spending more and more time batting at and grabbing the toys . 
she does seem to like the spastic star on some days . 
just wish the music was n't as rapid . 
it was sensitive enough for baby to set off for only the first day . 
i really like this cover . 
the material is nice because it 's soft . 
however , i think it 's overpriced and thin . 
there was a hole in it after about 5 months of use . 
i bought 4 of these pads . 
they are really handy for me to change my twins . 
i kept one of those in my diaper bag and other three at home 
it 's soft and held up well in the wash . 
all i need is baby here to use it 
overall , the product works great . 
it 's heavy !   
once the stroller is packed up in here , it is very heavy . 
and you obviously can not roll it at that point . 
then i packed stroller up at the gate.- 
it 's not obvious 
and that is not a good thing at an airport . 
my son would scream when i washed him with other washcloths . 
these are so soft he does't 
mind them . 
they are a generous size for a toddler . 
wish i would have ordered them sooner . 
the camera needs to be plugged in all the time to work . 
the signal goes out for a second here and there . 
this is a handy little monitor that i am happy with . 
i may consider purchasing additional cameras for this . 
it holds the whole box . 
we actually did n't buy our bundle me until february 
this is a great product . 
and he loves it . 
he stays all nice and warm . 
but he is growing very fast and may be too long then . 
i got them for my 18th month old as a swim diaper initially . 
i want to make greener choice ... 
using this made my child more aware of her body . 
she is now 22 months and we are doing baby lead potty training   
she started on her own at 21 months . 
i use these three everyday to make my child aware of her body ... 
they worked better when she was smaller . 
and i still use them for swimming ! 
my baby never liked this teether . 
wish we would have had them from the start . 
this is perfect.she 's been wearing halo since she was a newborn 
so nice works great ! 
they are still stuck on so that 's good 
but maybe they would be better with a younger child . 
i think this potty is so very cute . 
my daughter was so excited to get home and start using it . 
i noticed when she goes a lot that there is urine on the floor . 
she uses it 
i have to mop the floor again . 
the sad thing is that is the only one she likes 
so i am afraid to get another one as she loves princesses . 
very disappointed . 
i just love this crib . 
it took only few hours to assembly this crib . 
after finishing to collect crib looks amazing . 
i like color and construction . 
changer table also is very big and cute . 
it does increase the pumping speed   
it states that this is normal in the directions   but 
hey , who cares right ? 
speed is important when you are pumping in my mind ! 
must get in you need to pump in the car on the go ! 
my feet and back were in chronic pain from that breastfeeding arrangement . 
i use a 14   throw pillow for this   
would love if they made this bib but with a snap closure ! 
the bottle search continues ! 
milk leaked from the corners of her mouth . 
also , hair , fur , fuzz ... 
it plays songs and has flashing lights . 
our baby loved it ! 
and she still loves it at 4 months ! 
i ' ve had two other mirrors . 
if my son kicks it , it is easy to get back in place . 
wish i 'd found this a year ago ! 
i attached these to my son 's high chair 
so he could play with his toys while i cooked . 
i thought this travel tray was great , the two times we used it . 
then one of the webbing straps frayed just about the point of useless . 
thanks to the positive reviews , i decided to order these diapers . 
i wish i would have found these a long time ago . 
my all in ones , take forever to dry . 
the only thing i disliked about these is that they only came in white .. 
i was hopeing to get some colored ones and printed ones . 
this is a fantastic gate ! 
if you lose reception , it does not notify you . 
and you might not know . 
my husband and i have no prob w it 
but my parents and the babysitter have issues with that . 
it took me a long time to love the ergo . 
there are things i do n't adore about it   
will see if maybe my daughter likes it better   due in jan 
but it was and is exactly what i expected it would be 
we bought this car seat because of the reputation britax has . 
well , at first , i loved it . 
after the first few days of breastfeeding , our son was not latching properly . 
i had read all about the horrors of this happening and researched this product . 
i bought one and had it on hand in the hospital . 
lactation consultant did not mention it as they promote latching properly without one . 
that s all i needed to see to sell me on this product . 
still using with my son at 7 months old . 
20 mm was perfect size , no trouble . 
i am a fan of oxo products but this one is a miss . 
so i would have to remember to put new wipes in every day . 
that 's a extra step i do n't need as a busy mom . 
see my update below the functionality of this cup was great at first . 
no leaks , easy to use . 
5 months in ? 
i got it off manually , and did n't see anymore flakes . 
straight in the trash . 
some brands make you buy a whole new cup ! 
i bought replacement straws and was on my way . 
it actually decreases pumping time and allows me to have hands free . 
so i got this for my second baby . 
i ' ve been really happy with this lil ' food mill . 
this really fit my basic needs at a very reasonable price . 
i have purchased three of these so far ! 
one for my car , my husbands , and our nanny . 
we love this base and appreciate that it makes life so much easier ! 
i like the shape for breast fed babies . 
while my breastfed baby didn   
8217 t use a pacifier 
one thing we really like about this set is the sterilizer . 
at the ranch we don   
8217 t have a dishwasher 
so this is a great help . 
we like that this set is bpa free . 
the brush does a good job a cleaning the bottles . 
this is a good set for new parents or parents of new babies 
we found the dr . 
browns natural flow 4 oz . 
wideneck bottles to be very messy . 
great swing ! 
like that it has vibration and swings . 
however it 's kind of hard 
so i put blankets 
so there 's some cushion for their heads . 
i like the actual bottle 
-- it 's glass , but is n't incredibly heavy . 
i also still can not find handles . 
i do n't recommend purchasing unless you only want to use these as bottles . 
and i liked the design of the cup . 
this was really hard to do . 
this mirror scratches a little easily 
i love this swing . 
she liked to bat at the toys and look at herself in the mirror . 
the music was a plus as well . 
it lulled her to sleep while we were at my friends house . 
i put it on the third setting and it swung her just fine . 
my daughter was almost 18 1 2 lbs at the time . 
my husband bumped our daughters head on that a few times . 
i have a nephew that visits often . 
this is my second baby bathtub for my second baby . 
the first was a safety 1st brand and is very similar in shape . 
this way he can safely move about on the adult tub without feeling constricted . 
one of the foam pads was not stuck together properly and was hanging loose . 
he really likes mouthing the clasp   
practice elimination communication   
so glad i went with this product . 
it was so easy to use and my 3 month old loved it . 
he could enjoy time out of his stroller while i remained hands free . 
he likes is so much that he often falls asleep in it . 
i keep it in the car and take it with me everywhere . 
i can not recommend this product enough . 
i admit i thought the price was high when i purchased this bottle . 
but it has saved us so many times . 
my baby is very impatient at times . 
so easy . 
you get what you pay for ! 
quality is better than expected and quite easy to use . 
no brainer   34   buys we have made for our baby . 
that britax ! 
we love this ! 
it 's so easy to use . 
my son is 2 mos and still uses this and has plenty of room . 
it makes a perfect co sleeper for nursing moms ! 
we got this as a shower gift and our daughter loved it . 
online , these things can be found at any   ... . 
or if you baby will even enjoy it . 
but i ' m going on vacation with lo soon 
and i needed something and this got good reviewsa 
so i tried it . 
its fantastic ! 
she loves being right at the table with us 
and it is very sturdy ! 
can not say enough good things about it 
my daughter just got these today and is really enjoying them . 
these are so simple and easy to use . 
just strap the velcro around the top or sides of the stroller . 
they are durable and hold a lot ofweight . 
my kids enjoy holding onto the sides and it helps them not    
34 pull   34   on the stroller that way ! 
highly recommend ! 
this is really fantastic . 
it leaked everywhere , and my husband threw it away after a month . 
both of my girls love the princesses and have no problems drinking from it . 
once you install this piece of netting , it really is a nice product . 
installation , however , is worthy of an epic stress fest . 
along the bottom we did use their eye screws that they included . 
you can switch holes one or two inches over . 
we have a couple highchair toys and this is by far his favorite ... 
it also has the best suction ! 
there is a lot going on on this toy 
but he is able to manipulate all of the different pieces . 
i have n't had an issue since . 
this is a great toy ! 
i recommend it to everyone i know . 
i love rar diapers and this one has an adorable print ! 
i realize this is a better business deal for the company 
if they offered the sale price on amazon i would buy several more . 
with our little girl . 
she always asks for them during meal time . 
it might work if the suction cup would actually stick . 
this is not due to cold weather . 
its just not suctiony enough ... if that s a word 
this prevents him from squirting it everywhere and he actually eats them now . 
these are great cups . 
after trying another brand that leaked everywhere , i decided to upgrade . 
i read several reviews that said these were hard to get liquid from . 
no liquid . 
i pulled out the directions and easily fixed the problem i 'd had . 
since then we ' ve had zero trouble using these . 
we ' ve had zero leakage since i got these . 
my 15 month old uses these easily and has no trouble extracting milk . 
i have to take off the lid to refill it anyway . 
it will save you some frustration!update   
i had to take 1 star off these cups . 
if left open they pressurize and milk comes out the top . 
i still like these 
, i just have to bring extra wipes with me whenever we travel . 
when new , these cups work like a charm . 
i ' ve realized there are no leak proof baby toddler cups ... 
i guess they just need to be replaced every few months . 
my 8mo old daughter loved this product when i purchased it for her . 
great buy ! 
the colors were dainty    pastel . 
its just soft    nice to the toutch . 
the rattle inside is faint but just enough to hear with out being disturbed . 
sounds like a cute jingle shaker bell . 
very light weight . 
swaddle , swaddle , and swaddle some more . 
the size is generous and you 'll need it as the baby grows . 
the fabric is breathable and therefore worry free . 
consider getting a second pack if you do n't do laundry often . 
tried an eddie bauer mirror and it did n't work very well . 
this one is great , lots of adjustability to get the right angle 
so you can really see your baby . 
overall , definitely recommend ! 
and you can use a tray or pull it to the table . 
mostly the doll is a good idea , but the manipulatives are disappointing . 
other than that 
i like this cover because it 's definitely nice to have a spare . 
however the washing instructions for this thing are kind of ridiculous for a baby . 
you are supposed to hand wash it and then hang to dry . 
excellent customer service but still annoying that they can not be dried . 
no complaints with this . 
fits the bassinet mattress perfectly . 
i have one spare for using while i clean the first . 
that seems to be all i need . 
washes well . 
worked great until my daughter learned how to pull it off of her clothes . 
otherwise i would n't leave home without it . 
i use it for pacifiers and toys while in the stores . 
nice invention . 
i love this sheet ! 
finally , when i found out a a made sheets i was excited . 
then when i saw they made a grey , i was thrilled ! 
i love this very soft grey color . 
and the sheets are amazingly 
soft!as a warning 
he grabs it immediately after i lay him down 
and it keeps him happy through diaper and clothing changes.pros   
it 's easy for him to hold and the music is very pleasant .   
it has a high low off volume control slider button . 
there are multicolored flashing lights that he likes to watch . 
update   april 
nope ... he just loves this thing ! 
i highly recommend this toy for the 4 months and older group . 
and the price point is outstanding for the entertainment value . 
started using these with 15 month old twins , they took to them easily . 
they do it 
1   if they are not hungry anymore 2   
playing   fill and dump    as most toddlers at this age do . 
i 'd give it a higher rating if it had a sealed lid ! 
clever idea in the picture posted ... using an 8 oz sour cream lid . 
highly recommend it ! 
my son would squeal with excitement as he pointed out everyone he knows . 
really glad we got these ! 
this is a great bag . 
worth every penny ! 
, i love the owl design . 
super cute and gender neutral . 
i would absolutely purchase another one . 
my baby did n't like baths 
so this was a huge help . 
even his legs stretch!on tomy then giraffes neck is a teething ring . 
he is just full of surprises!there is also a link on the toy 
so you can hang him up when you take him places.great stuff ! 
these worked with the medela breast pump . 
two different sizes comes in the box . 
one size did work with the natural flow bottles . 
it was reasonably priced . 
someone previously mentioned these were their favorite spoons because they 're so long . 
we love them - 
it fit perfectly on our changing table . 
it is contoured perfectly to fit newborns all the way up to toddlers . 
very easy to clean . 
i would definitely recommend this . 
great buy for a great price . 
i love kissaluvs customer service , quality , and made in usa ! 
we were really happy with these sunshades . 
they went on easily and stayed on just fine . 
my husband just trimmed them to fit our windows . 
i love this sterilizer . 
it is very quick and completely uncomplicated . 
in 5 minutes i can sterilize bottles . 
the avent bottles fit perfectly . 
i now use the dr . 
brown 's bottles and just have to lay them on their sides . 
do nt use silicone use natural rubber for your baby . 
i use nuk rubber orthodonic nipples because they are natural and work perfectly . 
this always calms our son down . 
he loves playing with it . 
although , it does overwhelm him at times . 
personally , i would like it more if the legs were n't so overstuffed   
he tries so hard too chew on them 
but they 're too thick   
then it would be perfect . 
there is not much more to this toy than what you see here . 
overall it is a nice colorful toy , but nothing out of the ordinary . 
a basic baby gym , but does what it needs to ... 
it folds flat , too , which is nice . 
there is no construction as it just folds up and velcros shut . 
i use it primarily for bananas , blueberries , and avocados . 
it 's simple and easy to use . 
i would not use this as my primary means of grinding up baby food- 
cleans easily , the grass lifts out of the white base . 
great bottles ! 
so far , i ' ve been very happy with it . 
it is sturdy and a nice design . 
breastfeeding aside , it 's a nice chair for any nursery or living room . 
maybe not super comfortable , but it 's a great value . 
the potty stool is a wonderful stool . 
they were all bad accidents just waiting to happen . 
it is utterly safe , sturdy , and reassuring to toddlers . 
a great product . 
this product is very high quality . 
the swing is very plush and soft . 
i like that you can reverse directions , and there are several speed settings . 
my baby really likes looking up at the spinning birds . 
you can make them spin automatically . 
i believe this is the best bottle you could get for feeding your babe . 
here are the reasons    1   
they are glass bottles , so no worries about bpa and other chemicals ,   
the blue    34 pipes   
the nipples are silicone just in case your baby has any latex allergy . 
i love using these the best ! 
this bowls are worthless . 
the suction cups do not work . 
i ' ve tried everything . 
my 16 month old daughter pulls them up with ease . 
parent friendly is an understatement for this product ! 
it is so easy to use , just charge and go . 
the clip on the back of the monitor is a plus . 
the battery life is great ! 
the range is also great . 
you can still see it , but it 's not clear . 
overall , great product for a great price ! 
the unit heats the water perfectly and heats up quickly when first turned on . 
i highly recommend the product . 
my daughter also loves this . 
she 's 5.5 months and teething . 
she loves chewing on sophie . 
she 's soft , squeaks and has a pleasant smell . 
i did n't exchange it because its still cute for photos of baby . 
this was a lifesaver while i was pregnant ... especially in my last trimester . 
i love this hook ! ! 
it really helps hold those extra bags when we are shopping . 
it is very durable and will last forever ! ! 
i love these covers . 
it always made him smile when i used it . 
but i took it with me on a trip and it immediately started leaking . 
i ' m not positive where it was even leaking from . 
it is good sized . 
it has rollers for the drawers . 
here are my pet peeves 1 . 
particle board and mdf . 
poor finish . 
if that was the only problem , i would lacquer it 
false back panel . 
this is one of my biggest pet peeves with modern furniture . 
it has a cardboard back on it . 
very disappointing . 
thin mdf drawer bottoms . 
long assembly with sparse directions . 
the directions are all in pictures . 
also , it took me over four hours to put together.6 . 
shallow drawers . 
use a cordless drill or electric screwdriver . 
reinforce the drawer bottoms . 
the clear plastic piece connects the two back plane cardboard pieces together . 
part   n   are the shelf supports for the cabinet . 
do n't bother with the hammer . 
they slide right in their holes.6 . 
the cabinet hinges come already put together . 
really disappointed in quality . 
i can not recommend this window shade . 
a cute well priced little bath toy . 
so we elected to go with the lambs and ivy little princess hamper instead . 
we have mixed feelings about this carrier . 
so , four stars . 
good be better , but it does things i can not get elsewhere . 
lots of fun ! 
this are too cute and offer the right protection for my boys arms . 
well worth the money . 
super fun to play with . 
it is so sturdy and smooth to use . 
the bob will easily fit in the trunk of our small car . 
i bought these because the price is good and had good reviews 
but i ' m really disappointed . 
i guess i can still use them 
the sheet is well made but it is n't really soft . 
but i guess with use and several washings it will get softer . 
my newborn is very picky , he loves this pacifier a lot . 
and it is durable , looks a bit weird when baby latching on it . 
but it is sturdy construction is safe and make me worry free . 
we are very pleased with this monitor . 
its basic and does exactly what its intended to do . 
the sound is perfect for what we need . 
so its always apparent that he 's okay . 
granted , we still go in there and check on him ! 
we have had this product for 2 years now and it works great ! 
the plastic is thick and it is very well constructed . 
great product after this minor adjustment ! 
these bottles are great . 
also , my son had no problems with colic . 
they have leaked on me b f but only occasionally when they are wet . 
i love these bottles.variable flow- there are several different grades of nipples . 
the fact that the whole set is interchangeable is great . 
you can use these bottles from newborns to toddlers . 
you can convert your bottles into sippy cups ! ! ! 
there are screw on handles and sippy tops you can buy . 
to me , this also justifies the cost . 
i recommend it for children between 1 and 3 years old . 
he enjoys chewing on the tail the most . 
i have a 21 lb . 
, 32 inch 15 month old and he fits great in the high chair . 
i love the material for the seat - 
it 's very soft and super easy to clean . 
the straps are awesome , too - almost rubbery but not sticky . 
easy to move and clean . 
and he 's messy enough as it is . 
it folds from the back up to the front 
i ' ve stopped folding it up ! 
overall , it 's a great highchair and 
i ' m glad we waited to get this one . 
everyone is already asking where i got this and for how much . 
we have a 2008 mitsubishi 
i ' m happy with the easy functionality of it . 
i would def suggest this seat to others . 
we have the midnight . 
the fabric is like a velour velvet kind of material . 
these so far are the best baby feeding spoons that i have tried . 
i recommend these for a baby 5 months and up . 
i registered for these bottles bc i thought they were so neat . 
he did n't have problems with the nipples either . 
i was gong - ho about the process at first 
i ordered this last night and paid for expedited shipping . 
got it by 3 pm 
today.i am soooooo glad i did.i have 
i could do nothing but hold her all day long . 
but she was crying .i 
but i do n't have it yet ... 
i needed something to relieve me now , cheap and easy . 
this fits the bill , i am glad i made that purchase . 
it 's easy to clean and does n't have a rubbery smell to it . 
however , it is a little large . 
i just finished sealing up the box to send these spoons back to amazon . 
back to the munchkin spoons ... 
we really liked these to our surprise . 
overall , very happy with the purchase . 
i wish i had purchased these sooner . 
and i ordered them in brown to go with our cherry furniture 
so they are unobtrusive as well . highly recommend ! 
these blocks are great ! 
very high quality ! 
the wood does not splinter and the paint is very durable . 
my daughter loves to stack and knock over multiples times . 
i am using them now to try and teach her numbers and colors ! 
definitly recommend for any child ! 
my son loves it ! 
and he was obsessed and loving it ! 
and they said the previous night was the last day of the sale 
- the jumperoo was on special for    ...   - 
a lil disappointing that i could ' ve gotten it for just    ...   
bottom line - get it ! 
babies love this thing and according to me it 's way nicer than the rainforest 
i know this one you could dissemble to store pretty small . 
i like the pattern . 
this looks amazing in my sons room . 
its great quality has has great attention to detail . 
we can not fault any of the 3sprouts purchases so far ! 
this is a very helpful accessory for my stroller . 
i have two as i feel two hold my shopping bags more steadily . 
we already own two organic mattress covers from a more expensive label . 
we have had those since my son was born , and i love them . 
i do not feel the same about this cover . 
what really bothered me was the cheap polyester siding . 
i doubt this will last . 
needless to say this is not my go to mattress cover . 
just a spare to my spare . 
it is the bottle our dr office recommended . 
this pack gives you 4 bottles and 4 lids to use for storage . 
this is a great thermos ! 
we love it . 
we will also be using it for 3rd grade . 
thay work as stated . 
and that works for me . 
another thing from the years of hand washing   
i do n't have a dishwasher .... 
i ' m the dishwasher   - 
, the bottom plastic part comes off sometimes if i pull it . 
the glue has just given up . 
it never just falls off when my daughter uses it . 
it has served us well and continues to do so . 
i ' m considering buying another one just in case one day 
our 2 decide they ' ve had enough of us .   - 
i have a grandson and received a pink cup . 
other than that the cups are great snack holder ! 
i 'd recommend this to anyone who 's looking for a good video monitor . 
this is nice if i ' m doing something   vacuuming , etc .   
seemed pointless at first 
- temperature feature is nice.cons - no mute button . 
- battery life is n't great . 
kinda creepy , actually.- i 'd like a second parent unit . 
it 's supposedly compatible with one 
but i have n't been able to find one.i 
this monitor is great for what we need it to do . 
i would purchase it again . 
bought this for my new daughter as winters here are cold and long . 
it 's easy to intall into the carseat 
it 's hard to angle the air vents 
this is a great buy . 
no regrets but highly recommend this item . 
perfect fit for a perfect baby . 
did n't really work the way i imagined it would . 
we love this piece of furniture . 
love them ! 
then , i loved them even more . 
do not get the cotton knit version . 
it runs way small . 
i loved these microfleece ones , though . 
item arrived on time and well packaged , but wow , it 's big . 
or i may give it away ? 
this will be short and sweet . 
it 's very low to the ground 
this is way more of a yellow than a   natural . 
easy to put together , light ... easy to move around . 
this is very lightweight and super - easy to put together . 
another big advantage   
it is big and deep , so the child can use it until toddlerhood . 
so we have a place to put baby in addition to her crib . 
if you 're tall this is probably not an issue ! 
still worth it . 
i think these little pots are the bees knees ! 
i love them . 
i actually like that the lid has a tight seal . 
it 's really not that hard to remove it     
i love the little rubber bottom 
so you can pop the frozen food out . 
however , 1 oz is far too small for any daily uses . 
it is just as hard as the faucet . 
the only soft piece on this   faucet protector   is the water deflector . 
what a waste of money ! 
they work great now . 
i bought a size 
m   6 - 12 mths   
and it fits perfectly ! 
there is no growth room in the chest , but the length is perfect . 
it should fit for the next 2 months , and i am okay 
that given the price and to keep him warm . 
the l would be too long , but would fit better in chest . 
not made to proportion , but would still buy again . 
size down ! 
these bibs are good - quality and are certainly waterproof . 
easy to wipe off and use again if baby does n't get too messy . 
i have n't found the time to alter them . 
but they also work extra for you . 
but it saves me doing more laundry . 
i use these for my daughter . 
not as big as we were expecting , but they get the job done ! 
i bought these for my now 3 month old . 
i do think they have a little too much cushion though . 
it 's a great size and she seems to love it . 
my one complaint is the leg gussets . 
diaper laundry   
i get distracted partway through . 
i could have survived on 16 , but 18 was nice for a 2 day 
snap hand me downs had no problems . 
velcro hand me downs   
1 previous user   would sometimes come loose . 
at 15lbs , i did like the size 2 better . 
fit just fine on the smallest setting . 
the bibs are great ! 
they definitely make mealtimes a lot neater . 
better the bibs than their clothes ! 
it was so helpful having this for subways and sight seeing 
if i had to buy carriers all over again ... 
i would just chose this ! 
its a game changer ! 
these are cute diapers and great for reusable ones . 
my girl got these for christmas at 9 months old . 
they are so well made ! 
i am a car seat safety fanatic . 
my son has a diono radian r120 . 
he is very comfortable and we have plenty of room in our truck . 
in the past 3 months they got very little attention from her . 
i do n't think she liked the texture of the teething ring . 
the elephant she barely touched . 
they 're ok . 
my daughter loves this bag for her baby its also water proof . 
i recommend this bag for moms . 
it has storage compartments and is very light weight and pretty . 
the different textures and the design in general are pretty great , though . 
i would recommend this product . 
we like these a lot . 
my child started using them around 10 months . 
she is now 16 months and this is my go to cup . 
i think the bonus is that type of cup will not spill . 
we hung it from the ceiling by fishing line . 
this is the best sound monitor i ' ve tried so far   
the only complaint i have is that it sometimes does have static . 
got as baby shower and they seem like they will last a while . 
nice quality and value for the price 
so i removed it . 
other than that 
, love the product and it really works . 
or so my son seems to think so . 
great product . 
and it comes with two pieces . 
these spoons are cute , but i was disappointed by how small they are . 
my daughter 's infant spoons hold more food than these do . 
not good for a toddler learning to keep food on a utensil ! 
baby loves it , i like the 4 position option 
but definitely it 's worth investment if you carry baby a lot . 
very ergonomic , good for moms and babies . 
the towel is thick material and not flimsy . 
love the color does not fade after many washes . 
great buy . highly recommended . 
love this highchair . 
i also love how easy it is to clean the seat . 
however , the clipping power on this this is lousy . 
my 18 month old will eat anything if its in a pouch . 
the ones at the store that are premade are just way too expensive . 
these have worked out great . 
i ' ve also gotten better than expected customer service from the company . 
i ' m a huge fan of the swaddles . 
i will buy these for every baby shower 
i go to in the future 
i like them so much . 
my boy sleeps so much better with them . 
now at 11 weeks old i use the boppy to nurse everyday and night . 
so maybe that 's the problem 
we have enough to do just to leave the house . 
no poofy coats , just a nice warm cacoon for you 
little one . 
i love this ! 
this makes cleaning and sterilizing baby bottles a breeze . 
this is good for the convenience . 
so cute and well made . 
my toddler likes to play with it and throws it around 
but it 's been good for over a year now . 
this is a cute bath mat . 
we like that it 's longer than most other bath mats . 
unfortunately , it does n't stick to the bathtub at all . 
needless to say , we no longer use it . 
this was a great buy and i whole heartedly recommend and dr . 
brown product . 
they work so well and very easy maintenece 
this is a great product overall . 
this helped get her legs out and kept all the pacifiers inside the crib . 
i ordered two of these for my daughters playroom . 
bright , bold colors , and strong interlocking pieces . 
she is 10 months and has not pulled them up are shown interest . 
note , this mat is on tiled floor . 
may not work as well on carpet , but that 's expected.thank 
you ' we sell mats ' . 
squeaky wheel ! 
it 's so loud , that my husband and i were so embarrassed about it 
it 's the happy medium between umbrella stroller and full size . 
i ' m 4'11   
and i love the height of it . 
i do also like the adjustable seat position . 
i would still buy this one all over again . 
this was reviewed by a relative who just had a newborn . 
this is what he said we breastfeed our new born child . 
i would recommend this product to any parents with newborn children . 
i bought these to top on a shower gift . 
they are basically what you expect . 
they are well made and seem to be durable . 
i think she 's just too small for it yet .... 
she 's 6 months and it just seems too big for her still . 
i was wrong ! 
so this is perfect . 
if he could he would just suck it right out of there . 
i see no problems . 
we use the britax marathon . 
it 's available in three colors - black , tan , and grey . 
let 's face it - 
term!this saver is a great combo of safety and function . 
this is a great night light with the color options . 
it has a light sensor and turns on one it 's dark . 
my twins love playing with this mirror . 
we absolutely love it ! ! ! 
recieved these as a baby shower gift and really like them . 
they are quite large and bulky but would be great for an older baby . 
my little guy loves this wheel ! 
great high chair toy ! 
i would recommend this to anyone ! 
i really wanted to love this . 
i agree w   others that the pictures are difficult to change . 
my 5-month old has 2 little pearly whites and is drooling like a faucet . 
essential for every day use ! 
but this is very cheaply made ... 
it is not sticky enough to stay on anything ... 
my 6 month old baby would just yank it off immediately . 
or they will bop themselves in the head while waving it around 
they work well and seem well constructed as well . 
cute idea , however , one of my rattles did n't rattle . 
not that they rattled much to begin with . 
returned and refunded . 
thanks , amazon . 
but it certainly is n't clear.now 
but i do n't like dealing with the extra vent parts - 
it 's just more parts to wash . 
but overall i like these bottles . 
makes cleaning up after nightly baths a cinch . 
i multi task . 
i have the dog , my phone plus baby . 
i also live on roads with hills . 
so these suckers will be coming in handy ! 
i really love this stroller . 
we live in a big city . 
after three months , there is very little wear and tear on the stroller . 
the frame and fabric are very high quality . 
our prior stroller was a bugaboo frog .   
despite being compact , it handles really well even on old cobblestone streets . 
they are her best friends along with her blankie . 
they are very soft , good quality and cute . 
however , it is still one of the favorites .... 
i do n't think the ring stimulates like his other chew toys . 
so we do n't use it anymore 
regardless , we got a lot of good use out of these blankets . 
i am new to cloth diapering and a friend told me about 
, so i ordered two -i love them ! 
i have two fuzzibunz and three 
oh katys    
i have more on the way   
i love them they are amazing 
and they fit my son perfectly ! 
ca nt wait for the rest to get here ! 
i bought the natural color . 
i have knotted pine floors in my home 
and it matches perfectly ! 
it was easy to put together . 
that calmed her down when i first got it . 
she seems very comfortable when sleeping.it states it will last to 50 pounds . 
i think she will outgrow it age wise before the weight 
but it is perfect for what i needed . 
we are very happy with this crib . 
- y as other reviewers said , 
but not quite a real oak wood color . 
i do n't know what i would do without this highchair . 
where do i start . 
third is the rolling base . 
god this saves me everyday . 
get this highchair . 
but that might be a default with our battery ! 
other than that 
, my husband and i like it a lot ! 
wish i would have known about these sooner ! 
my toddler can not figure this straw thing out for anything . 
but that 's not really the fault of oxo . 
the best ! 
i have never had a single leak . 
i love that you can use eth same bottles with different flow rates . 
easy for my son to hold on his own . 
i recommend these and will use these next time as well . 
this is useful and sturdy . 
i think this is a great idea for babies and toddlers . 
a place to put diapers or clothes with accidents . 
the bag is cute and not gender specific . 
the snap holder to hang it on strollers or shower towel rods is great . 
the zipper is strong and is easy to close and open . 
this is why i purchased it . 
but it leaked and it leaked a lot . 
the bag sweats and it just leaks . 
i was very disappointed in that . 
people who are looking at this product should probably go ahead and get it . 
and it is where i need it just in case . 
i tighten the extension to the smallest and adjust the carrier to my size . 
this system works . 
these are great for babies learning to feed themselves . 
also , since they are plastic ?   
i have fond memories of this . 
so i think i like it more . 
but she does enjoy it . 
listening to the crinkling while she chews at the end . 
no complaints - works well . 
i just bought this stroller for my 3 month old daughter . 
i have to say i am very happy with it . 
it has everything you could possibly want in a stroller . 
i absolutely love it ! ! 
this is a good toilet seat reducer for younger toilet training children   18mos-2yrs . 
i do myself   stage 
, she does not like this . 
they are thin plastic and he just cut them down to fit . 
it does move around some 
the opening is not that big 
excellent for inside the diaper bag . 
not recommended . 
since then , obviously we figured it out . 
the boulevard is considerably more    34 luxe   34   than the marathon . 
i like that the seatbelt clicks . 
1 .   newborns need a full recline ! 
otherwise their heads roll forward and can constrict breathing . 
my husband is 6'4   34 . 
we actually bought a new car all because of this ! ! ! 
it 's annoying but 
i bought this for my son because i had heard so much about it . 
to be honest he could have cared less about it . 
my dogs loved the squeeky noise more than my kid . 
my daughter loves that these squeak when she squeezes them ! 
and the tops are great for her to chew on while teething ! 
this is by far the best play mat i ' ve seen . 
my baby likes the vibrating elephant . 
then the toy connectors slide back and forth along the arches 
then when i slid it forward , he loved it . 
i could also put the toys on his left   the side 
i ' m supposed to turn his head to because he prefers the right . 
he could also kick at the toys by his feet.when 
this is a nice little set . 
i decided to take a chance and it worked out for me . 
the sheets are meant for a crib mattress or a toddler mattress . 
i bought these for a crib 
so i gave the pillow case to my 6 year old daughter 
and she loved it . 
just keep in mind if ordering for a baby 
they will not need a pillow case cover cause baby 's do n't use pillows 
so you will either put it in storage till they get bigger 
or maybe you have another child to pass it on to . 
overall very happy and so far no shrinkage from washing so that is good . 
i recommend these as my experience has been nothing but exceptional with them . 
i just hope i did not feed the plastic to my child . 
a very disappointing product that i had very high hopes for . 
this is the perfect product for a toddler bed . 
grandchild seems to sleep better with it on the bed because of its design . 
the product is elasticized and tucks into the end of the bed . 
34   that our video monitor does . 
mom likes to    34 see   
we love this gym . 
so she can activate the lights and music . 
i also like that you can add toys . 
we love the flutterbye line ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
very good . 
anything made in 2011 was really crappy cotton that was rough and scratchy . 
i think they are much better than the aiden and anais burp cloths . 
aden    anais dribble burpy bib princess posie 2 pack 
there was no recommended age on this product 
they are super soft and my little one just loves those clothes and wipes . 
i had this bottle cleaner for a few weeks . 
the sponge only lasted 4 weeks . 
that 's four weeks of daily use and abuse 
but i still feel as though it should have been more durable . 
this is great ! 
easy for small fingers to hold and chew for the teething . 
my child takes this in her bath and everywhere . 
it is soft rubber . 
in theory , this product should be great . 
it wants to roll back up . 
the suction cups do n't seem to stick to very many surfaces . 
we only used this 10 times or so before we gave up . 
this set is so cute ! 
some day we 'll be using the comb and mirror . 
looks so cute on his shelf . 
i ' m really glad i got this set . 
these   disposable   bottles are handy in a pinch . 
i could always carry a sterilized re - useable bottle 
but i travel often and every piece of weight counts . 
i bought these for my second baby when just before she turned 5 months . 
i wish i had it with my first child and sooner this time around ! 
shield did absolutely nothing from protecting my device . 
these were my 13 month old 's first training utensils . 
so i thought these might work since they have metal ends . 
i like the size of these 
-- the handles are really short 
so she learned to get the food in her mouth fairly quickly . 
the fork is more like a   spork   
the spoon has n't been useful at all -- it 's very shallow . 
i wished they sold a just - forks package with a real fork end . 
this is a wonderful tummy time toy ! 
this mirror always engages him . 
so the safety integrated is appreciated ! 
it is a very light mirror so easily is knocked over . 
the velcro stretchy straps have been really nice as well . 
good buy for the   . 
and i have n't liked this insert at all 
it is the only insert by grovia i own . 
it kind of baffles me because their shells are so amazing . 
this means that nearly everyone i know would have to step through it 
the latch is difficult to use . 
it does not naturally close or lock back into place . 
is this gate is junk . 
it arrived broken . 
the opening where one of the poles is supposed to be attached is stripped . 
we did n't even get through assembly . 
we are returning both items and will not purchase anything from regalo again . 
and i want to keep her on breastmilk only for at least 6 months 
and this is the only way i can do it . 
i can not keep up with her milk needs 
but i can use the milk that i pump every morning 
it is fast and easy . 
and i would recommend getting the sterilization bags from medela to clean the parts . 
it takes 3 minutes instead of 20 for boiling ! ! ! 
we called medela and they sent me replacement tubing for free ! 
i was impressed with the customer service ! 
they are the best bibs ever . 
they also stay cute even as they fade . 
this simple design is great . 
used it numerous times in less than 60 days ! 
my daughter was potty trained the first weekend of november 2013 . 
she has great bladder control   can last upwards of three hours . 
but we managed .... 
wanted to give her some privacy from prying eyes      
she never saw this thing before . 
she sat right on it and did her business    
1 . this portable solution fits in a large tote or purse . 
very easy.the liners are good . 
no leaks . 
i purchased extra liners too . 
i have n't tried rigging a regular plastic bag with paper towels yet . 
buy it ! 
good for nursery 
i know these brushes are designed for dr . 
brown 's bottles , but they work great for my pumping supplies . 
when i ' m washing the crevices . 
such a great little potty and at such a great price ! 
this potty stays put and does n't slide around . 
she has since graduated from this potty and will only use a real toilet 
the inside is super roomy and has plenty of pockets for organizing . 
m alone and ditched the purse . 
we use this though on longer outings and when we 're together . 
i 'd really recommend it for long outings and for your man to carry . 
fussy infants does not make for pleasant trips . 
hopefully things will change . 
pros -the actual changing pad portion is a really nice size . 
i received this 
x 7.5   
x 3    
it could be a little thinner 
but i measured with diapers and a travel wipes case inside . 
love this timer ! 
if you are expecting a baby and do n't have one , get one ! 
bring it to the hospital ! 
for how long ?   
forgot it at home the first time , but never made that mistake again ! 
no need to do any math ! 
we leave it in the tub , flipped up to dry . 
i am a natural organizer and can not live without organization . 
i 'd recommend this to anyone . 
we now have 2 of these seats . 
i heard a lot about this chair on a forum 
i was part of . 
i looked more into it and was very impressed 
this makes it heavier 
but i do n't carry the seat around 
it has low sides . 
for me , this is a plus . 
it may seem a tad   weird   but it makes sense . 
did i mention they 're slim ? 
i have one seat attached via seat belt and the other using the latch . 
this seat weighs in at 24lbs . 
this means you should stop using the latch system when your child weighs 41lbs . 
it 's just easy for the child in the seat to remove 
it.that 's all i can think of for now ! 
i bought this in preparation for our newborn 's arrival and 
i ' m really happy with it now that she 's here . 
this latches really securely around my midsection 
it 's nice and long , too , so it supports her entire body . 
the cover on the pillow is n't super soft as i expected it would be 
but it is fine to use . 
i would buy this product again ! 
i think this is a great set to purchase for baby girls . 
it 's cute , girly , and babies will really enjoy playing with it . 
i think it 's a good and affordable set ! 
perfect for what it is 
but i probably should have gone for something heavier more adherable to the table . 
i apparently did it wrong and it leaked everywhere . 
their anti - colic system did not work for us . 
tommee tippe was ok as was born free . 
these bottles are wonderful ! ! ! 
we just throw them in the dishwasher and they 're done . 
we have some of each .   
i got the info . 
from playtex over the phone .   
love this cup . 
this is a great middle ground product . 
lots of fun . 
we ' ve washed it in the top of the dishwasher with no issue . 
it was never intended to be used as full - time booster seat . 
the shoulder belt clip is very easy to slide onto the vehicle seatbelt .   
there are red   guides   to show where the lapbelt should be.the 
armrests can be moved into two positions . 
that 's always a good 
again , boosters are for big kids . 
i have   spare   seat pads to   jazz up   my turbo . 
the extra seat pads are dirt - cheap on graco 's website . 
we have had this for several years and use it every day . 
but its perfect for bottle and sippy cup parts . 
very durable , i m impressed its lasted so long ! 
the bumkins bags come in several different patterns , which is perfect for the task 
i put them to . 
i want to hold the bag !    
the kids ' favorite snacks are gummies and m ms .   
it 's the perfect items for these bags   
they can not easily be crushed and they does n't mind exposure to air . 
it 's amazing how much of an incentive 
5 m ms   are . 
i bring them with us   
and wow do they get excited when they see the bags . 
great price , great booster . 
this is exactly what we needed , for a great price . 
so the price on this really made me happy . 
the turtle face is cute too , and my son likes it ! 
narrow and sturdy carseat . 
very heavy so not easy for traveling , 
only con is that it leans way back . 
free of a lot of crappy chemicals , definitely worth the money . 
very sturdy and a good value . 
a little embarrassing , but our baby has thick legs . 
the pediatrician saw his legs and said ,    34 
oh my gawwwwwwd , look at those legs ! ! !   
our 8 month old   
this is his favorite seat . 
i do like these - and they do the trick . 
this is the perfect little nightlight , white - noise machine , and projector . 
it 's a must have with a baby ! 
the reviews on here are spot on with it , especially the video review . 
so glad i bought this one over any other ! 
the material is metallic , heavy and durable . 
the holes were lined up just right 
, it 's just so cute 
and i ' ve gotten a few compliments from visitors . 
we love these blankets ! 
love the product , but not the price . 
holy expensive ! 
34   on the end of    34 refills .   
so one would only assume there is more than one in the refill package . 
just saying . 
buyer beware . 
there are better deals out there for the same type product . 
just get a lid and put it in the fridge . 
they are really basic . 
we have the avent , evenflo   glass , and tommy tipee . 
avent and these are by far our favorites . 
the price makes the product a fantastic purchase . 
if they were n't so cheap we probably would n't do that . 
the product is complete for a first care kit . 
i like the pink color . 
it came on time and the quality is good . 
it 's a compact - ish fold . 
we 'll see.i ' 
that 's one of my few ticks about it.pros . 
but it 's alright . 
it gets the job done , i should say . 
i love love love that this swing has an ac adaptor . 
my only complaint is that the mechanics are a bit noisy when getting started . 
you need to give it a little push to get it going . 
also , the legs walk a little when she is swinging . 
these have been a great general purpose cloth diaper . 
i use them daily either just trifolded or angel wing folded with a snappi . 
so far so good ! 
we have a britax convertible car seat which is huge but it fit perfectly . 
no such luck . 
a little hard in the center due to the scented pack 
but that can be removed . 
prefers the memory foam pillow ! 
we put both together last night 
probably took us 45 minutes to put each one together at the most . 
babyletto   mdb   
overall still very satisfied . 
my newborn did n't find this comfortable . 
we have the britax b - safe carseat 
so maybe it did n't fit well on that . 
in any case , we hardly used it . 
i ordered these because ameda 's 25 mm flanges were too large for me . 
unfortunately , this size was also too large . 
i bought this to use on my trip to my parents . 
its pretty convenient since the brush fits inside . 
i have the britax system and was looking for additional car pieces . 
everything else can go in a carry on box stored in my trunk . 
wonderful item and would purchase again ! 
this is a nice soft sheet that washes well . 
it was n't overpriced which is nice with organic . 
i recommend this for home use . 
one bag has lasted us three months . 
it also was not as long as the crib , but still works . 
i washed it on delicate    hung to dry    
it came out just fine . 
i think with this one if my daughter destroys it 
my sons loved to play with this in school , so i bought one . 
i am returning it immediately . 
i know it 's not the cheapest option , 
but , has been the best one for me ... also important for guys 
that come on ! 
we do care ... 
my back was killing me after a short time ! 
i am going to use this as long as my baby 
so shopping trips are much easier . 
i highly recommend this carrier ! ! ! 
i think that is her 
it is very informative ! 
simple and functional . 
wonderful airflow for baby ! 
love boba ! 
i think this is a great idea . 
i only used it a couple times for foods . 
i love this product for when she is teething . 
i put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet 
so it does n't stick to her lips . 
she gets upset when the ice is gone . 
i bought into the whole dr . 
brown 's bottle system and so far i have n't been too disappointed . 
it somewhat does what it 's suppose to do . 
it does get the bottle warm . 
at first glance i thought this was the perfect product for any parent . 
hind sight i would not purchase this item . 
there are definitely other alternatives to getting warm milk . 
so we decided to just purchase a hot water boiler . 
we were able to find one on amazon for about   59 . 
this was by far a better purchase . 
the water is 208 degrees , which is enough to kill any bacteria . 
this made the milk just right for our lo . 
brown bottles , and i like how dr . 
brown sells every piece in case 
you loose some . 
34   lookingi have two kids under two . 
i use one of the exterior bottle pockets for my water bottle . 
the bag is well made with quality materials that last and withstand everyday use . 
34   might take a bit of time to perfect . 
placed upon a full sized adult toilet seat to make it child sized . 
after we got the potette , every toilet seat looks alike !   
we learned that after a couple of wobbly attempts . 
we just bring the potette plus with us 
and he 's good to go    
34 on the go   
we keep 1 in each car and 1 in the diaper bag . 
this zebra mat is soooo soft and comfortable . 
the zebra is by far the cutest in my opinion . 
it is machine washable too , which is always nice . 
looks good and clean , good quality , but we have not use yet , 
mabe when travel , it 's good , i like it . 
the rubber lip is fabulous . 
this is way bigger than expected . 
easy to grab from brb . 
will either get another be quick or a set to fully organize my brb . 
we love this tub . 
we ' ve been using it for six months   
our son is a little over six months old now . 
our first experience with the tub was doing a sponge bath in the sling . 
our son was not a fan of that . 
this was much more pleasing for him . 
he loves the vibrartion . 
he will splash in the tub for long stretches of time . 
have never had any problems with this . 
love that you can hang it to dry . 
is easy to fill and empty . 
the headrest is pretty flimsy , but baby never complains . highly recommended ! ! 
but i have larger , heavier breasts and i can not pump with this . 
that 's what i did and it works great ! 
i use it on my 20 mo olds high chair . 
but haha ! 
now she ca nt lift her plate ! ! 
mommy wins again . 
my baby has been sleeping in halo sleep blankets since he was born . 
they work great for him . 
he has the micro fleece ones and the cotton ones . 
i 'd say this product is just so - so . 
yes , it comes with starter bags ... 
it would be perfect for tolitries and other items in the bathroom ! ! ! 
no odor , no mess , and very very easy to change the bag . 
that 's it!!!you can even change it wile baby is sleeping . 
my baby sleeps right through it ! ! ! 
i bought this based on some review i read . 
i have n't been able to get my toddler to use it . 
she prefers to sit on the regular toilet . 
cleaning it was also quite difficult . 
the product is cute and it 's reasonably price . 
i am in love with these feeding trays . 
i love that the tray snaps off for easy clean up . 
my kids actually like dinner time now . 
i would recommend these to all my mommy friends . 
these locks work great so far . 
first off , the name alone is a little deceptive . 
this bottle is not packaged in a totally sterile manner . 
they did n't do this in order to save on room . 
these are 9 ounce , single use bottles . 
he bounces around a lot and has n't slipped or fallen off . 
i was impressed with its design and color . 
i love this drying rack ! 
it is amazing ! 
first off i want to compare when i had my son 
with this product you can dry each piece of the bottle separately including lids . 
no need to search for an empty peg ! 
it is also dishwasher safe 
but was afraid of breaking them 
- well this sleeve 
solves that problem 
i thought portion size changed with age a bit ? 
then it 's over compensated for , and counter - productive . 
this is terrible . 
it 's uncomfortable in every way . 
there is zero cushion . 
i do n't know . 
but that does n't change the fact that it 's hard and wobbly . 
the sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely . 
the only cotton crib sheets i ' ve found so far that feel smoother 
that 's not what i received . 
i received solid blue . 
loved this until one of the pegs got stuck and snapped off . 
easy to wash , perfect spoon size and very soft . 
bought a second pack b c 
we liked them so much and were going through them quickly ! 
however , it does not work as expected . 
it 's too heavy and awkward to carry around . 
the mattress has holes for the play seat straps . 
or perhaps it just should n't have a play seat function . 
i find them plenty soft for my little one   
i have the girl bugs set . 
i ' ve gotten a ton of use out of these for the money ! 
this chair is great ! 
i sit my son in it when i feed him his baby food . 
we ' ve been using it for about a month now . 
it 's easy to clean since it 's all hard plastic . 
i wish the tray was easier to put on . 
so bright and colorful my son loved this bouncy seat . 
it washes very well and was really east to put together.i would recommend it ! 
the bristles are n't as stiff as my dr . 
brown brush , but it cleans at least as good . 
i sure like the sturdy handle . 
it does a fantastic job of scrubbing my bottles and parts . 
even the nipples clean well with the main brush . 
i ' m going to buy another to replace my dr . 
brown brush at home   this one 's our travel brush . 
i have been pretty happy with these spoons so far . 
i like the long handles which make it easy to hold and mix foods . 
most importantly , there was no nipple confusion . 
i was able to put her right back onto my breast a week later . 
great product to go hand - in - hand with breast feeding . 
i stood with the diaper genie because of the reviews . 
i love it , i have no complaints . 
no smells , no troubles . 
works great ! 
easy to use ! 
we installed these and they work great ... 
you can open them and lock them from either side which is really nice . 
this one stretches nicely to cover up more space . 
i was initially drawn to the price tag - 
i think i fell in love as soon as i started using it . 
it is easy to pump and did not hurt my hand . 
it is easy on the pocketbook and works well.updated   band on top ? 
many reviews talk about a band that helps build pressure . 
i also love the look in red . 
this may seem like the best high chair in some ways . 
i bought mine based on the all the good reviews . 
i ' ve had mine 1.5 years . 
it 's a pain to clean . 
food gets in the little cracks on the sides . 
my son does n't care if he 's in a padded chair . 
it 's so much easier to deal with , easier to clean . 
this blossom chair seems like it has it all 
but what was better for me was something simpler . 
i do n't know what i would do without this ! 
it 's my new go - to baby gift ! 
i definitely had to watch a couple tutorials to get the wrapping down 
but , once we figured it out , it was easy ! 
works well but difficult to clean the pacifier properly without wetting the lamb . 
then have to wait for it to dry before use 
i just got this in the mail yesterday and used it for this morning . 
it works great ! 
just as advertised . 
i love this bottle sterilizer . 
it cleans the bottles perfectly . 
the only downsize is the size of the product . 
other than that is a great product . 
this brush is able to hold it 's form pretty well even for months . 
it 's also very flexible to it fits both narrow and wide bottles equally . 
easy to tie on and work beautifully . 
easy to take off and wash too . 
no complaints ! 
this really helps free up space with my radian car seat ! 
it installs really easily.the only real complaint i have about it 
was the smell when i first opened the package . 
i bought this item for my son and his wife 's baby shower . 
it will go well with their dr . 
seuss themed baby 's room . 
the receiving blanket arrived on time and well packaged for a safe delivery . 
this dr . 
seuss themed items in the baby 's room . 
it is bright , colorful , and beautiful just like our baby will be . 
i love grovia and was excited to try out this one . 
it is very soft and great fit . 
i still would recommend this diaper to my cloth mamas . 
these are a must have for us . 
it does its job and does it well , though . 
... these are pretty good . 
i bought them to replace medium - flow evenflo nipples . 
the wrap is very useful and it 's made of cotton   not 
so it is safe to wear it in the kitchen while cooking . 
in fact , they could use more . 
i just placed an order for two more sets . 
she tends to dribble and this keeps her dry . 
one of them is pregnant with twins . 
i think i will be buying some more for her . 
very cute paci clip ! 
the metal clasp is great and the ribbon is high quality . 
i would get this again ! 
they look stylish , you get a hella bang for your buck ... 
this is one of my must have items . 
get one if you have to pump . 
this booster is a wonderful transition from infant highchair to the family table . 
it travels very well and so far the white has remained stain free . 
really pleased with our purchase . 
sound crystal clear 
the changing pad cover fits over a standard changing pad well . 
excellent digital video baby monitor . 
so easy to set up . 
i took it out of the box . 
plugged the camera in . 
set it in the nursery . 
then plugged in the receiver . 
and done.2 . 
love the auto night vision . 
you don   
8217 t have to set it on day or night mode . 
clear picture . 
the picture is really clear even in night vision . 
we had an audio baby monitor before this . 
no more with this.5 . 
detects temperature in the room . 
my baby loves checking out her nursery through the receiver . 
8217 s her favorite new toy as well as mine . 
only one visible led on the camera to indicate that it is on . 
i don   8217 
t use this . 
i think it startles my baby more than soothes . 
but this does have that functionality.10 . 
the receiver has a removable kick stand so you can stand it up . 
it has a folding antenna . 
no interruption in signal or video . 
i highly recommend ! 
the disney one is   1 cheaper . 
save a buck ... http    
gp product b005a3ogra ref as_li_ss_tl?ie utf8 camp   1789 
creative   390957 creativeasin   b005a3ogra linkcode   
as2 tag   stupisms-20the cup itself is fantastic . 
it seems to be just right . 
i ' m 
but as far as good , looks so cute with bright color bed set ! 
a must buy for newborns 
brown 's bottles . 
before my baby was born , i received a bunch of dr . 
brown 's bottles as a baby shower gift . 
at that time , the hunt for the perfect bottle began . 
i tried the dr . 
brown 's bottles and liked them , but being the perfectionist i am 
brown 's bottles . 
baby loves to chew on this , the bristles massage his gums . 
however as the description notes ,    34 colors may vary   34 . 
my little boy is chewing on a pink teether . 
that 's the only reason i did n't give it a full five stars . 
is it really that hard to let people pick their own color when ordering ? 
but it works . 
they do not work well . 
if you love oxo you will love this child 's plate . 
the colored rim comes off if you want it to . 
thick plastic with rubber bottom does not slip on table tops . 
i purchased these wipes since they were fragrance free . 
i bought several of these wipes to tote around in the diaper bag . 
a must have baby health item . 
got this for my son when he was about 3.5 months old . 
but it 's pretty limited in what it can do . 
it plays songs when you squeeze it 
but there 's only 3 songs and they are kind of short . 
then if you press the   legs   it says the different colors . 
the bottom is brightly colored but ultimately it 's just a dud . 
awkward for little one to hold 
and he just loses interest after a minute or two . 
there are better , more engaging toys out there in my opinion . 
it holds odors pretty well . 
asked if he would please verify with a supervisor . 
good luck ! ! ! 
just what this type a mom needed to organize the closet . 
i needed to buy another base for our infant car seat . 
the seat also comes with an extra manual and a seatbelt locking clip . 
the tub leaks , everywhere ! 
well , using a bathtub that leaks constantly was less then pleasent . 
so it is much easier to keep the tub on the counter . 
no , i quickly came to find out that its the tub . 
the sling worked great , very sturdy and nice design . 
this seat is poorly made and already falling apart . 
the rubber insert has a terrible toxic odor . 
no way i ' m letting my 4 month old sit in it . 
hear me out first . 
i love it . 
its awesome . 
you have the ability to increase decrease the volume too . 
can not beat spending only   5 bucks . 
i happen to have a spare old iphone collecting dust in a drawer . 
installed the app on that and tadaaa ! same awesome shusher . 
we use this every day at the kitchen table . 
very easy to wipe clean . 
i do n't think they really need the padded style . 
there is a joint where urine or poopy slop can drip into . 
it caught every breath . 
i know it will wake me if there 's a problem . 
these bottles are great . 
this is what my newborn took to and we have stuck with them . 
in this kit you do not get the nurser supplies   
so it 's not something 
i ' m throwing away . 
i ' m a big mam fan and love their product . 
my daughter loves this backpack and wears it as often as she can . 
these are even better in person than you would guess . 
they work great and look very nice . 
baby likes to play with it but that 's it 
i mean you can not beat that ! ! 
i have one from babies 
i have two pumps the dual electric playtex and the dual electric evenflo simplygo 
and i put all the washable parts from both pumps on there    
it still holds great ! ! 
hope this helps ! ! 
i would look around in stores to .. 
i love their baby clearance aisle and walmart online has good deals too 
but this is worth the money you choose to spend either way lol 
i will be taking care of that myself.the sheet 
not complicated at all . 
perhaps it depends on the place they are stored ... 
it 's just so adorable ! 
it 's a nice average size and bright and happy . 
i got ta say , i bought this later than i wish i had . 
skin to skin is now mostly just when we are nursing . 
also , i never really felt secure walking around . 
i also ended up having to go up a size to accomodate my chest . 
i 'd suggest trying it on at bru if you can . 
still , i 'd probably buy it again . 
price is much better at amazon than at bru 
it is wide for the portable changing pad , but still works good ! 
my daughters nursery room theme is owls . 
this was the perfect fit ! 
first it came fast ! within two days . 
i am so glad we purchased this one without seeing it in person . 
for the price and quality you can not beat it . 
plus it 's adorable ! ! 
loved it ! 
if you want your baby on the couch with you , this is perfect . 
it really helps withreflux and gas problems too . 
get one , you 'll be soo glad you did . 
my son loves this ball , it 's perfect for his 20 month hands . 
so for their intended purpose , they are working . 
i did not have a problem putting mine through the dryer.cons 
this is not a product for preemies or even small newborns . 
, i am happy i purchased them , despite the price . 
i do n't use them every feeding   just mostly when we are going somewhere 
and i really , really want to keep her clothes clean . 
around the house i just tuck a burp cloth under her chin . 
these little guys seem cool until you get them . 
they do not squeek or crinkle as good as they should . 
overall they seem kind of flimsy . would not recommend . 
this is a fun toy . 
a good toy . 
nice.neat.ocd lovin' baby freezing food container!dishwasher safe , nice.the lid fits nicely . 
grab a container , defrost , take on the go , it all works . 
this is a perfect first pillow . 
and it does n't take forever to dry . 
one warning   find a pillowcase you like before you buy it . 
we had not been planning to stay at a hotel initally 
and i on the king size bed . 
so we were a little worried.when 
my baby 's hands got really sweaty and stinky!expensive ! 
i recommend to anyone who wants the best for there kid .. 
received the product and so far i love it ! 
you can not beat the price of this monitor for the purpose it serves ! 
love it ! 
i got these and the bumkins . 
love these ! 
we use them for naps and the halo sacks for night time . 
the velcro is nice and strong so she can not get out of it . 
this is a nice hat however for 6 months , it is very large . 
it is way to big on my son 's head . 
i ' ve got the orange one 
and i really like it 
a useful baby item with attractive design . 
for the first time in a long time , we all slept like babies . 
love this adorable jungle babies lamp as it is adorable . 
however , for the price , that should never have happened . 
since my grandson is a toddler , this size is wonderful . 
convinced all the time that he would catch cold . 
this fluffy cocoon would have been a blessing . 
i 'll be ready for grandchild no . 
2.now that i discovered it , and he 's almost 3 
even with a soaked bathing suit the towel soaks up the water just fine . 
very easy to setup , just lift the pronged rows when you need it . 
very easy to clean , just throw it in the dishwasher . 
does n't take up a lot of space . 
great product . 
well worth the investment , i can not wait to start running again ! 
love my little legs legwarmers . 
and they are super cute too ! 
i always have one of these bags in my diaper bag at all times 
and they do n't take up much space . 
these bags also hold up well after washing ! 
this is great for newborns . 
she 's very cozy in it . 
now that she 's rolling over though we are definitely not using it anymore . 
big hazard there . 
well made , quality stroller . 
assembly was a snap and the individual parts are all sturdy . 
super para esos primeros meses de los babys . 
livianos , no ocupan mucho espacio 
y son perfectos cuando ellos crecen mas , para darles el agua . 
my baby hated the swing and prefered bouncers . 
luck of the draw . 
maybe the next one will use this thing . 
i love the print on this sheet ! 
i can easily fit a waterproof flannel liner underneath it . 
hope this helps your decision ! 
and we were right 
she does up to 20 min of tummy time without any complaint . 
i ' ve had many different bath crayons and these were the worst . 
they melt in water really fast compared to the others . 
after returning that rental , i went out and bought the pis advanced backpack . 
i like that it is soft , huge and very conviniently versatile . 
we love them and wear them often . 
this product has made bath time a completely fun experience with no tears ! 
she would always duck her head and end up getting it into her eyes . 
this solves our problem . 
i wish i would have found and purchased this sooner ! 
quite a few times the switch was left on and water was boiled dry . 
we were very lucky that nothing happened but it could happen!!my 
mom , my husbband 
and i hate this product   
there is no advanced technology with this product at all . 
do n't buy anything else ! 
the super soft jersey is so stretchable that changing sheets is a snap ! 
available in many colors , and in bassinet size too . 
i was sick of washing dr brown 's bottles 
he sometimes lies on the bed drinking . 
my curious 2 year old has bent them up pretty well . 
other than that , they 're great ! 
we have three of them . 
we started out with the ever so popular nose frida . 
over time , the suction power on that one just got weaker 
i liked the fact you can just use tissue in the filter compartment 
the suction worked great on our little guy 's stuffed nose . 
the various parts were easy to wash as well . 
nothing like the photo portrays . 
so if you have very high beds like mine beware . 
otherwise , this is very convenient . 
still , this was a great buy . 
i highly recommend this . 
it is really quick and easy to use , very convenient and safe ! 
i can even put the milk bag directly to reheat . 
we sent it back . 
otherwise it 'll just blow and rattle back and forth with no support . 
this is not the kind of gadget you cheap out on . 
i should ' ve known . 
we did n't want to screw it into the banister 
so we just used the pressure mounted discs . 
they have worked great . 
i also really liked that you could push it open either way 
and it will stay . 
a bit of a drag at first 
but it 's actually for the best . 
this is our second foonf for our other car . 
we love this seat . 
we have one and it works great ! 
we love the sleep sheep on the go!our daughter is almost 5 weeks now 
and i agree with other commenters   
the on the go size is more than sufficient . 
the music quality on this toy is horrible . 
my daughter never cared for it . 
however i do know someone who said their child loved it . 
my dog wants it more than my baby . 
we bought these bottles when our son was about 2 weeks old .. 
at first i figured maybe the plastic part was warped or something . 
so i tried other bottoms and other parts and they all leaked . 
it has gotten to the point where i do nt even try any more . 
maybe i am not doing it 
but i gave the bottles 3 stars because we really liked them in the beginning 
but now they just frustrate us to now end . 
this seat its perfect for small vehicles . 
the seat is a god sent ! 
and she loves it , has not complained once and falls asleep easily . 
it 's nice knowing she is not only safe but comfortable and 
so are we . 
this is a beautiful little toy . 
my nine month and ten day old grandson loves the smooth wooden disks . 
the topmost piece is a cute bear head . 
i honestly wish i 'd purchased at least two sets . 
i ' m constantly switching them 
around.i think they 're great . 
no need to press anything in to release anything 
, i simply swipe the bags off 
made of metal that does n't bend when pressure is applied.these 
are very good quality 
and i 'd strongly suggest them for any stroller wielding parent . 
i bought this mobile to replace a wind - up mobile that broke . 
my 10 week old daughter loves this mobile . 
it was super easy to put together and is really pretty . 
the remote does n't work too great if you 're very far from the mobile 
if you 're kid likes mobiles , this is the way to go ! 
definitely cushioned her falls as she was learning to sit walk but not perfect . 
really cute teether . 
bought for my grandson and it is just what he needed . 
very colorful and well made for little ones . 
would definitely recommend . 
has sound activated led lights.4   
we are currently at.5   
it can either be kept on the table or can be mounted . 
it uses advanced digital technology so that the recording is private and secure.3   
it is expandable . 
very easy for an adult to use . 
i ' ve recommended these to so many moms and they are so thankful ! 
they clean well too ... still bright white after countless washes ! 
these were not the spouts that i thought they were . 
although , the picture looked the same . 
this was a great solution and easy to use . 
my complaints would be 1 . 
lastly it does squeak quite a bit which is annoying . 
i have four of these pads in various colors and love them all . 
when stained while changing , i simply wash them . 
they are also nice to carry around when travelling . 
really worked well .. 
i initially had the other munchkin brand brush with the sponge tip . 
the sponge tip on that wore and tore within a few weeks of use 
so i opted for this one instead . 
this thing seems better suited to scrub a toilet with . 
overall , we have been pretty happy with this cart seat . 
we previously had a graco dynamo lite classic connect travel system , adaline 
the car seat is easy to click into and remove from the base . 
i am looking into purchasing something to cover them . 
she tried the seat just out of curiosity . 
she prefers her   big girl seat .   
i have three of these and could probably use more . 
i can put them anywhere i put my daughter , almost . 
i have one that covers the changing table . 
rolls up small to fit in the diaper bag . 
love it . 
we were looking for a taller gate that was also wider than average . 
another bonus   it matches with pretty much any decor ! 
i feel like my child is super safe in this car seat . 
it 's nice - looking , too . 
i love , love , love this car seat . 
thank you diono ! 
this positioner solved the problem from day one . 
that itself is all we needed . 
i do not know if that upsets her , but i imagine so . 
i do not think that the gap is big enough to endanger my baby . 
fitted.if your child has acid reflux or feels uncomfortable laying completely flat 
the wipes are good , they are thick and are chlorine free . 
i ' m surprised this potty got such rave reviews . 
my daughter is so uncomfortable with this potty trainer ! 
she 'll sit on it , but it 's so small . 
the splash guard is what really seems to make it uncomfortable for her . 
she 's accidental sat on it before and it hurt her . 
so she can not really sit on it comfortably . 
this seat was purchased for us from our registry . 
i had shopped for seats since finding out we were pregnant . 
i posted pictures and notes . 
so disappointed . 
we are so glad we chose this bouncer over others . 
therefore , hist first bouncer   
all i can say is , piece.of.junk ! 
so that went back 
and we got this one . 
this bouncer is perfect for us . 
overall , 5 star product ! 
i found a pullover bib on vacation and a light went on . 
these were perfect for him ! 
i ended up buying four of these in different patterns . 
all have washed well . 
designs not faded and fabric still looks great . 
i gave the play yard as a gift and the recipient is very pleased . 
these bottles are super good quality . 
my baby loves these bottles . 
i just use them for water   
i do n't like sippy cups . 
it 's great that they are making glass bottles again 
finally the world is wising up and getting healthier ! 
while the arms reach laid empty for by our bed for 3 months . 
not safe and believe only baby slept.right before i went back to work 
i finally bought the mamadoo playard topper and got him to sleep in it . 
in the end , i still have to buy him a crib . 
so why pay so much money for this??if 
this really does make me feel as if the baby is totally safe . 
i would not recommend it to anyone . 
hopefully one day they will be used for what they were made for   - 
it does away with bulky snowsuits which are inconvenient as well as unsafe . 
this is easy to use with any infant car seat . 
a must have for any cold weather baby ! ! ! 
soft , cozy jersey cover that slips on easily and zips to secure . 
so much nicer than the cover that comes with the snoogle originally . 
it feels thick and like good quality . 
no pilling , either . 
this totally took care of my baby 's cradle cap in one use . 
this is a great night light . 
i think this helps keep my daughter in bed at night . 
great purchase and great product ! 
i think this is more of a lunch pail than a cooler . 
i love ju ju products butthis one not so much . 
very nice product . 
comes with a free toy and extra cover . 
i really like that the cover is washable . 
the pillow fits nicely around my wife 's waist . 
i use these bottles to store breast milk in the freezer . 
and the breast milk does expand when frozen 
so i do n't use them up to 4 oz for that reason . 
we ordered a medium and they fit fine . 
this was great i just loved it and it is still working fine . 
i really loved it and it is used a lot . 
i did n't know that this swing had a timer on it . 
he also takes a big nap for about four hours during the day . 
my parents decided to buy this swing to take less room 
but he does not like this swing at all . 
it does n't cuddle him in . 
he 's even preffered to sleep in his car seat over the swing . 
the one huge plus for this swing is that it is practically silent . 
at first , i tried pumping without the bra ... crazy . 
this is must have for ' pumpers ' ! 
we did use the insert and it does work so i can not complain . 
when in use , it was fine - 
but i felt like our daughter would sweat b c 
it 's a thick , padded insert   
i ' m sure people figure it out ! 
this has been great , better than expected . 
i put this in the kitchen sink and there is no clean up . 
no more big bulky tub to store . 
i am so glad i went with this purchase . 
and it was not expensive ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
daddy , baby and mommy have good bathtime experiences . 
you can also easily carry many bags in a little amount of space . 
i would ' ve given it 5 stars but it opens unintentionally on occasion . 
i did n't like the infantino cover at all because it was complicated . 
my daughter likes playing with the teether and bottle strap . 
she 's 15 months and 
nicely cushioned and big , plus she loves the mirror . 
can easily attach different toys on the loops . 
i would recommend this , or purchase again for another baby shower gift . 
we bought this to see the baby in the rear view mirror . 
this mirror was a big disappointment because it was totally useless for that purpose . 
but i would n't spend   20 on a mirror for that purpose ! 
they work well , have lasted 2 years and are bpa free ! 
a must for anyone making their own baby food . 
so they do n't have a face frame . 
the doors are the front of the cabinets .... 
so those did n't work.after researching awhile 
i found this latch . 
it works great.it locks the 2 doors together so they can not be opened . 
to pop open the latch   i say   
pop   because it 's spring - loaded ... 
is that this stays unlocked till you push the center piece back into position . 
but its very obvious whether its locked 
have said - this only fits on   normal doors ... 
it was somewhat snug on the ikea door . 
so they have to fit . 
its probably about 1 16   so its not a big gap ... 
chances are that your doors already have that gap to open and close . 
and if its tight - you can usually adjust the hinges . 
that is the only negative or i would be ordering another one . 
this is a great teether to have on hand ! 
i was wrong . 
nor does it close tightly . 
no more plugs to plug in or pots to boil . 
just pop it in the microwave and walk away . 
definatly worth buying ! 
you will get good use out of it . 
i loved this product for our daughter until she was about 10 weeks old . 
she outgrew it quite quickly . 
i would n't buy again . 
for the price , they should make it longer and larger . 
i guess we misinterpreted the 3 in 1 . 
these are just too thin to be used as diapers . 
i do n't use them . 
they are just sitting in a drawer . 
we got this as a gift and it 's been amazing . 
the baby loves it , it 's quiet , and easy to clean . 
it 's got a good feel and is easy for the baby to grasp . 
green toys have another winner ! 
if you ' ve got a baby boy this is a must have ! 
tiny as it may appear-- 
it does its job of no more sprinkling and it is quite absorbent ! 
my baby loves this thing . 
i make noise 
love how it does n't matter which direction you put it on the toilet . 
the carrying bag is perfect too . 
it is a nice small size so it fits in my purse 
so i can carry it anywhere . 
the plastic itself is thin and seems cheap . 
i found something better at walmart , and i loath that place . 
i wish the bottles came with these caps . 
then i got the stokke   pricey 
but i heard good things 
this carrier has been the best , is comfortable for both me and my lovebug 
simple , cute . 
wish there was a bit more hanging from it . 
but overall happy with productthe only bad 
is that we keep stubbing our toes on it . 
however , it looks very cheap as well . 
looks horrible . 
it 's also a very small doll 
lastly , it 's very short - lived . 
an hour later , and it 's holding up great ! 
m very pleased ... 
we have just started to lay a hand towel down on the changing table . 
it is bigger than these crummy pads and stains come out much better ! 
this pack and play is very versatile . 
he loved the naper and still takes naps in it occassionally . 
there is a vibration button with high and low and the cover is washable . 
we do go through a lot of batteries , size d for the vibration . 
this pack n play is bigger than the standard pack n plays . 
they do the job . 
the space to hold the diaper bag is to small . 
make sure your diaper bag has a thin strap otherwise it will not fit . 
my son received this as a christmas gift when he was one year old . 
he adores it . 
the octoplush is perfect for him right now . 
we rarely leave home without it . 
does n't fit on my normal sized kitchen door knob . 
too small . 
not even with the larger attachment . 
waste of money ! 
i think this is a great product . 
it keeps the water cool 
a real winner . 
what a life saver ! 
for anyone feeding formula this is a must have item . 
the constant and daily routine of making batches of formula can get tiresome . 
who knew an inexpensive little mixing gadget could be so helpful . 
i keep them in the car mainly 
and she still loves them at 14 months . 
great for chewing when teething 
and they make soft tinkling sound 
so they are n't really annoying . 
washed them per package instructions before use . 
very happy with the purchase . 
i ordered this toothbrush . 
to my surprise it does not come with the ring , protector as pictured . 
great product . 
really changes for me the bath experience . 
loved it ! ! 
they are what they say they are . 
my daughter loves them . 
they are soft 
so she can chew on them and also they squirt . 
the one is a bath sponge 
so i can also use it to wash her . 
these washclothes are so soft . 
and i think the dots and goldfish are really cute . 
i ' m going to try to make some more myself . 
basically , you get a small , quilted waterproof pad . 
it has ties on each corner.the fabric is very soft and absorbent . 
no strange smells . 
good quality . 
it 's great to have these little waterproof pads on hand . 
you 'd need 2 to catch drool and pee at the same time . 
and it 's just to catch the spit - ups drools . 
it 's waterproof so it will not leak down to the sheet . 
so it does n't move bunch up into baby 's face . 
anyways.i really like this product . 
i think it is very handy and useful . 
it would be nice to have an option of different sizes . 
the bag seems pretty good , for the most part . 
the fabric is lightweight and thin , and it makes me anxious about tearing . 
the bag does well at containing wetness and smell . 
i like the fun print , and am glad to have it , overall . 
it 's sufficient , but probably not my first choice in the future . 
this swing is great . 
when she was first born she loved the side to side 
but now she is 4 months old 
and she likes it back and forth . 
but it was worth that little hassle . 
also the vibration on the seat is great . 
this one it detaches from the bottom part to you 
i wish more car seats made them like that . 
we ' ve cooked all sorts of fruit and vegetable foods for her . 
i have purchased several of these swaddleme blankets and generally i like them . 
they are quick and easy to use to swaddle your baby . 
in the latter case , this is the best brand of swaddle . 
i did n't care for the other ones . 
i spent a really long time reading all the reviews before picking this one . 
m a first time 
mom and wanted to make sure i got the best thing for our nb . 
i tried it out and i could n't seem to get the settings right . 
then i realized that it really is n't a necessary product . 
we have a water dispenser at home that dispenses both cold and hot water 
and we use the same method they use at the hospital . 
i really love these blankets . 
they are really soft and so far have really kept . 
the only reason 
it 's an awkward shape and it 's hard to do the bundle . 
until my son managed to pull it out when he was 9 months old . 
be careful ... 
our baby did not really go for this phone . 
the buttons are not interesting , they all say the same thing . 
move on to something else more interesting . 
yep this is a must have . 
it has plenty of space to squeeze things thru . 
you have to teach them to leave potty alone .   
the adult one at least   until they are a bit older . 
i ' m very happy with the zutano elephants changing pad cover . 
great socks for the 1 year old and up . 
they have nice sole pads on the bottom for no slipping . 
what a simple toy ! 
at first i could n't visualize how a baby   
my first   could find a set of stacking cups interesting and enjoyable . 
well , at first all he did was scatter them about . 
then he started banging things with them . 
then he smiles at his accomplishment . 
it 's rather amazing.he seems to find the cups endlessly fascinating . 
we take them everywhere . 
in the bath . 
in the car . 
it 's a simple and inexpensive delight.gary peterson 
we 're so glad we bought this bottle warmer . 
we brought it with us for traveling and it worked great at hotel . 
i wish we had gotten it earlier . 
sturdy and very nice looking . 
can not find any other quality crib at a price this low . 
would buy it again . 
boy is now 22 months old . 
when you are a sleep deprived new parent you need things to be easy . 
our baby slept so well in it . 
put him right to sleep . 
the seat in the 2010 version does not have a full recline   
i hear newer versions have this   but our baby never minded . 
if it was time to sleep , he slept in it . 
but whatever . 
the fabrics can be easily washed in a machine . 
everything is easy easy easy.except the fold . 
the fold is a little tricky . 
it is still a little tricky but not a deal breaker . 
well , last week we had a big snowstorm 
and i finally got to test it . 
the reviewers were right . 
it is not a 4-wheel drive or anything 
but it handles very well over ice 
and snow.i do n't recommend using it for public transportation 
you need an elevator if you are going to take this on the subway . 
it will probably occupy most of your trunk space . 
it is sturdy , solid , dependable , and comes with everything you need . 
it is five stars for me 
absolutely very best stroller for our purposes . 
we purchased this stroller in addition to the britax car seat attachment . 
we live on a dirt road which is made of road base and gravel . 
i have a couple more with different prints . 
highly recommended . 
not the sidebottom line   
i want everything to be healthy for the little one ! 
i bought for my grandson as a gift for his new mini crib . 
he likes it and enjoys to stand on it inside his crib ! 
my daughter has this bobby play pad . 
it is cute and the green colors attract her to looking at it . 
the pillow is great and a perfect size for her in her early stages . 
the ring holders make it more interesting coming off of the pillow . 
she absolutely hates tummy time 
they even let us pick the fabric style . 
my daughter is 4 months old and she loves muffin the moose . 
i will definitely be buying these as a baby gift . 
my son loves this toy , we take it everywhere . 
i m a tiny person   
so she was already almost a 1 lb outside the weight for them 
but they still fit and worked great 
she use to fall right to sleep as soon as i put it on which 
get them they are worth every penny . 
i searched for a long time before deciding on this bedding set . 
it looks great in our baby girls room . 
only complaint is that the set i recieved is very poorly stitched . 
the same with the dust ruffle . 
perhaps i just got a badly made set . 
very soft . 
cute polka dot design . 
and washes very well considering it 's white 
we ' ve had no stains from dear daughter 's wild diaper episodes ! 
my son loves these toys . 
they absolutely love it ! 
i had to buy two because they both like it so much . 
it is their favorite toy right now 
my wife desperatly wanted to breastfeed 
so we gave these a try . 
our son wanted that feeling of a plastic nipple . 
he did n't like this much at first but got better at using it . 
then we weened him off this and went only to the nipple . 
holds everything i need . 
a little rocky , but that is ok . 
i can get all my shields , bottles , and pacifiers on this contraption . 
very happy with these wipes . 
most times water is all we need ! 
i used this on a recent car trip with my kiddos . 
the wipes were handy for sticky fingers and dirty hands faces . 
i think huggies wipes would work with this style . 
it just uses a velcro strip to suspend it from the headrest . 
the construction seems pretty durable . 
this is a pricier sippy cup than others , but definitely worth it ! 
my son has been using this since 4 months old and is doing great . 
love watching him drink water on a regular basis . 
after 7 months of research we finally decided on the britax b ready . 
my parents surprised us by ordering it for us off amazon . 
we were able to make it work to start . 
love that . 
she seems quite happy 
there is no perfect stroller . 
especially when you have two this close in age . 
you can do better!no 
accessories included- the old model at least included a rain cover . 
we 're paying a lot here . 
give us a little something.the included cup holder is garbage . 
the quality is top notch and folding unfolding are a breeze . 
super soft changing pad cover with a cute pattern . 
it 's hard to find changing pads with colors that are n't pastels 
so this is a nice addition to the nursery . 
he got so excited thinking it was a present for him . 
then he saw me give it to the baby . 
i knew it would be a problem down the road   
it 's not worth the risk . 
this teether is nothing more than an over - priced dog toy . 
great gate ! 
it 's just by tension . 
our daughter is not a fan of the bouncer . 
i have n't tried any others 
but the noise is really distracting and loud . 
not our favorite . 
i love these diapers . 
there are easy to clean and easy to use . 
my go to system when we go out 
they do n't take up so much room . 
they fit my daughter great and i love the patterns and colors . 
i will be buying more .. 
i have used medela bags for storing milk in the fridge and freezer . 
these bags allow room for name , amount , and date . 
the bottom of the bags are reinforced . 
i like that they are biodegradable . 
i really see the absorbency . 
i know , it 's expensive . 
but , once you see it , you will understand why . 
the colors are beautiful and bright . 
she turns it on its side . 
she toddles behind it . 
she cuddles the mouse . 
it keeps her busy like nothing else.this wagon is just gorgeous in person . 
just gorgeous . 
and it 's so sturdy and well 
my baby thought this was a bit too much stimulation . 
she was 3 months old when we tried it . 
and she is small for her age   
the mobile was neat . 
for some reason , the removable bee made her cry on instant . 
the seat seemed small and like she would grow out of it quickly . 
however , the fabric is soft . 
the speakers were a neat unique feature . 
overall , she never grew to like it and we returned it . 
i can not get him to fit properly in the reclined infant side   
that divider is always in the way . 
i would rather have a tub without sections . 
the bobby was way too cumbersome for nursing . 
the boppy is collecting dust . 
now it 's hanging on toddler bed 
and she loves it . 
she can easily turn it on and prefers no lights , just the music . 
two volumes , though we keep it on low . 
easily attaches to side of crib toddler bed . 
just ordered a second one to use for original purpose . 
hoping it makes her as happy ! 
i like this bedding set a lot and it 's a great buy ! 
it 's colorful and fun and it 's great for either girls or boys . 
two things though   the bumper is not as shown in picture . 
it 's still very cute , just not the same as picture . 
i wish the comforter is a little softer . 
but overall it 's a great deal ! 
these are great . 
highly recommend ! 
this has worked great for us so far . 
i removed the back part as we do not use it 
it 's not great- wish it was stainless steel 
but since we are usually heating bottles from the fridge   snowflake   
we do n't mess with those often.it 
overall , i would buy this again . 
i ' ve used it for 2 months and so far so good . 
this bathtub makes me feel much less stressed about bath time ! 
the sling provides just the right support and elevation for younger infants . 
great tub to use until babies are ready for larger bathtub . 
also , it 's easy to clean . 
i wish i had just gotten this one to begin with . 
the backpack is great . 
i leave the pump where i use it   
i get asked all the time where i got the bag . 
the double pump is fast and easy . 
my baby always drank from the medela bottles nipples without problems . 
get this pump ! 
since my little one turned 6 weeks , he enjoyed this little gym . 
it is of good quality , soft , fluffy and washable ! 
then my mil bought this for me and i changed my tune ! 
i got the ring cool soother teether , teether keys , and infinity teether . 
notice a pattern here ? 
yes , we are knee deep into teething season around here . 
she had all 3 of these teethers before i went on 
my   let 's go eco - friendly and therefore safe   kick . 
they all boast pvc , bpa , and phalate - free . 
they 're bigger and easier to hold on to . 
a perfect fit .... 
it was exactly what i needed ! 
now i can keep up with the breastfeeding for a long time without worry . 
i bought this calendar online for my second child after seeing only the cover . 
every month , plus room to jot down blurbs each day . 
but the design is quite bland . 
i tried the boppy to no avail ... 
this was the best pillow for nursing given my extra weight around the middle . 
these are hard to find . 
they fit my philips avent comfort double electric breast pump . 
the pump lost its suction because of this and would not work . 
i bought these and it fixed it . 
4 valves came in the package i received . 
i do n't know why avent does not make there parts more available . 
i bought this stroller because it 's so light and easy on my back!here 
when closed   this is so nice ! 
i really have no complaints right now . 
we use the stroller for either quick trips outside or quick errands . 
to address some problems people have had   before purchasing 
money - saving tip   
our baby is currently 8 months old and enjoys this toy . 
so its nice to have a regular noise level 
i am very pleased with how reasonably priced this toy is . 
and it will register a hit then . 
this is a must have if you have a small baby . 
the 2nd bib can be used as a toy while feeding . 
i took the advice of other reviewers to use these as burp cloths . 
we bought one pack and then came back for more . 
two packs has been just enough for doing laundry once or twice a week . 
they have been great and not mad at the price ! 
chew chew chew , gnaw gnaw gnaw . 
i bought the orange potty for my daughter . 
has gone everytime since . 
they love it . 
this is also very lightweight and very compact for traveling . 
as a bonus the fabric is removable for washing . 
highly recommend ! 
my son is n't trustworthy with plates yet , so it 's nice to know 
we use this to hold bath toys , shampoo , etc . 
it works well , but we lost the dividers shortly after getting it . 
this pack n ' play feels plenty sturdy to me . 
it 's nice that it has a carrying case with strap . 
lids just do n't work well with cloth hampers . 
the smell ! 
oh my gosh ! terrible ! 
the cheap plastic valves on the inside are rickety and break loose easily . 
just gross ! 
definitely do not buy ! 
i bought this for my husband   
i 'll also use it   
and we really love it . 
it 's comfortable to wear and just the right size . 
it holds quite a bit 
but it is n't bulky . 
i also really like the fun labels and the list on the inside flap . 
the pillow is supportive , i love the shape . 
and now my husband is jealous that he does n't have a pillow too . 
my only issue is that the pillowcase it comes in is pretty scratchy . 
i love this pack and play . 
my twins play under the arch and love it . 
i wish that we had put it together sooner . 
easy to assemble . 
anyhow , highly recommend ! 
i ' m always looking for items for my infant grandson . 
this was a steal ! 
i shop other websites and amazon always has the best deals . 
very durable and no sharp edges . 
fun colorful foam squares great for the baby to play on . 
i would have wanted them to stay latched together a bit better . 
i like that it can tak all kinds of containers , bags and bottles . 
i do n't use it that much . 
breastmilk is good for 8 hrs at room temp . 
if you do formula - just use room temp water and save the time . 
i ordered this blanket for my 6 month old . 
she has the little security blankets in this same giraffe print and loves them . 
m glad i did n't ! 
she ended up pulling it up around herself and snuggling in . 
we were both comfortable , not hot , not cold ! 
and it 's about 106 here today in va 
and we were out at the pool for 2 hours . 
it 's a bit pricey , but definitely worth it ! 
this product is ok , i guess . 
we ' ve had it for about 6 month . 
we are fairly happy with 
it.would i buy it again ? 
i probably will try something else . 
but it does n't mean that other product will surpass this one . 
ok , what can i say . 
bought these for my niece and these are the nipples she decided to use . 
it is a personal choice . 
these are adorable ! ! 
he loves them ! 
easy to handle , and they are too cute ! 
i highly recommende these for all teething babies . 
love the natural materials too ! 
i have about 7 of these for my daughter 
and she absolutely loves them . 
this is my number one must have baby item . 
they are a little pricey but well worth it . 
we never lose them because the animal is actually attached to the pacifier . 
we have one for every room of our house . 
we are now expecting a little boy next month 
so i went ahead and purchased 5 more in boy colors and themes . 
i would definitely recommend these to any parents . 
they are fabulous ! ! ! 
i have not had any problems laundering these like some people have . 
i wash them with the other baby laundry and hang them dry . 
i am very happy with them . 
it did come out ... 
i have numerous halo sleepsacks and the plush dot velboa sleepsacks are my favorite . 
the alligator and giraffe toys rattle   the giraffe also has a crinkle sound . 
it 's much easier for me than trying to insert the gym without it . 
i can quickly carry it from room to room while fully assembled . 
great price , easy to use . 
bough it for my 4 year old grandson on his last visit here . 
i can not believe it took me 2 months to find there 
but i ' m so glad that i did . 
i am an exclusive pumper so my breast pump 
and i have become best friends since the birth of my son . 
so before these converters i had to stop pumping , dump out , 
blah it took forever and i always spilled at least a little bit 
and it interrupted my flow of milk . 
these are a must buy ! 
i like that it is a different color than his pacifiers and gender neutral . 
rinses easily . 
whenever baby begins to fuss , this bouncer saves the day ! 
at 5 months he 's super happy bouncing in his jumper . 
he loves the toys that come with it too . 
really glad i went with this one ! 
i also like the fact that they have pink    
it 's actually really cute in my daughter 's crib.the best part 
this is my daughter 's favorite sippy cup so far . 
i also wish it had a snap - on cap 
our other cups that have those lids end up leaking . 
never would have thought a great sippy would be so hard to find ! 
we could have been using it when baby was 4 months , 
i ' m sure . 
i was convinced i was doing damage to my nipples 
its the size of your nipples and areolathat are cruical . 
i have pretty big bosoms      size dd   but relatively small nipples . 
it is n't very long wide 
maybe fits up to 20 , but not if they are remotely mobile . 
not educational or beneficial   for us . 
don   8217 
t expect dainty eaters ... 
this is for learning to use utensils . 
got when the twins wouldn   
still on the face , but the high chair and clothes were much better . 
just try again a while later . 
my daughter does not prefer them . 
the colors and shapes are cute , however . 
the tapered portion is too long and does not fit into the flanges securely . 
disappointed .          
carefully   help reduce risks for gas , spit - up , and colic . 
bottom vents also help milk flow without vacuum build - up . 
the bottle itself just requires hot soapy water for disinfection . 
compatible with playtex nursing necessities breast pumps to help store breast milk . 
convenient , bpa free 6 oz . 
and 9 oz . 
i do n't like the whole construction zone thing .. 
however , it arrived today and 
even the comforter ! 
i ' m really happy about that.just wish they made a cuter design . 
it has lights and bright colors which my daughter loves . 
you can also choose the mode 
great music and nature sounds . 
love these . 
my daughter is hard on these . 
nice size for 6 months . 
nipples work well with formula unline other store brand bottles . 
i highly recommend any medela product ! 
this is a pricier model , but it is worth the investment . 
it is padded and sturdy . 
the baby feels secure and is able to play safely . 
this was a gift to a twin whose parents already had one bath seat . 
he will not arrive for another 6 weeks , we love it ! 
i must say , this was the easiest way of bathing a newborn baby ! 
we ' ve even taken this tub for when we go out of town 
and it 's just so convenient . 
he gets really excited for bath time 
and i honestly think it 's because of how comfortable this tub is . 
i highly recommend it ! 
this bumper was easy to install and we ' ve had no problems since . 
i was not comfortable using a regular bumper so this is a great alternative . 
it looks good too ! 
then we would hand it to her 
and she would grasp it with an amazed look on her face . 
now she holds it in the air and swings it around . 
it 's easy to wash . 
it 's very durable . 
i will say it 's not   bendy   like the name says . 
i think it 's perfect . 
great toy . 
i highly recommend it . 
this is great!it fits perfectly and securely over the side of the changing table . 
.it is a very solid plastic - it is not flimsy at all . 
it also puts the wipes right there - easy to grab!highly recommended ! 
i ' m surprised a how easy this is to maneuver . 
when it 's not in use 
it 's really easy to fold up and put aside out of the way . 
but i would n't use this for liquids 
, you will not get anything out without practically sucking the spoon itself . 
this pad works great for us . 
it is waterproof and easy to wipe down for those inevitable changing table accidents . 
my daughter is a big fan of peeing while on the changing table 
and i have never had a problem with cleaning up messes off this pad.i 
holds about 8 to 10 dirty cloth diapers . 
have n't noticed any smell when the bag is zipped shut . 
seems to contain all the moisture inside and have n't experienced any leaks . 
great wet bag ! 
i love it ........ 
it makes the feeding spreadout inside the bottle .......... 
i would recommend it 
this is a great idea and it has worked good for us . 
i combined this with steps up to the sink . 
the cabinet locks keep my daughter out of the cabinet . 
sometimes the adults have a difficult time getting into them . 
these nipples worked perfectly and wore well . 
easy to use and easy to clean . 
never developed any stains either . 
it helped that they came in different sizes for varied flow . 
helps my baby to sleep well and keeps her warm . 
she loves it as well . 
this is light blue , like the picture . 
which is absolutely fine as it has no effect on the blanket whatsoever . 
would highly recommend ! 
i have this bottle sterilizer at my mother 's house out of state . 
it works very well . 
i go there for a week at a time . 
she does not have a dish washer there . 
this item works well for the money . 
i did not purchase this item through amazon . 
i bought it at target . 
i have the avent sterilizer at home and this one works just as well . 
just takes up a little more counter space . 
washed and dried them . 
they held their shape for the most part and were super soft . 
i would recommend them . 
very lightweight . 
the truth is that you will probably not need it . 
babies naturally sleep on their backs if placed that way . 
this cover - up is exactly as pictured . 
my 6 month old has taken to playing pick - a - boo 
he is at the age where throwing things is funny 
been using this for about a month now , everyday . 
i find this pump annoying to use . 
it 's hard to get the initial suction on your breast . 
it takes me almost 5 minutes each time to get it . 
i would have it centered and everything 
but it just would n't suck ! 
with the medela manual i did t have this problem . 
turns out it sucked up some milk up there causing it to squeek .   
plastic    liquid    friction    annoying squeeking   
other than that i would choose medela over this . 
my toddler is tall    slim . 
so pants never fit right . 
, do n't expect it to fit . 
we were able to use the seat until the girls were 9 months old . 
given the price , i 'd say it 's a great deal . 
i bought these bottles on a lark . 
these bottles have a wider nipple that is shaped more like the breast . 
us was out of the larger dr . 
browns bottles . 
he refused to take to the smaller nipple . 
i suggest that you do use the wide mouth dr . 
the only problem i have had comes when i do give him formula . 
that has eliminated any problem regarding that mark.i strongly recommend this product ! 
these spoons are great ! 
the long handles are perfect for feeding , particularly early on . 
this is a great quality product that keeps my baby happy and warm . 
the material is great and not cheap looking as in the comments i have read.update 
12 4 13love love love this addition to the britax stroller ! 
it goes all the way upto his chin , so he is well covered . 
these bibs are great for my 3 month old who just started drooling . 
this is a great organizer and does n't take up much space . 
but that 's not a fault of the product . 
the cats regularly unplug the stereo by walking past it . 
i would definitely buy these again , and wish i 'd bought them sooner . 
i own this product and have extensive working knowledge of the foscam 8910w . 
except for the following - blink allows for digital zoom . 
if you do n't know ,   digital   zoom universally sucks . 
its not the zoom 
you think it is . 
i see digitial zoom as a non - feature . 
no one will want it . 
your resolution reduces inversely to the amount you zoom . 
, the rest of the feature set is mirrored in the foscam.ok , 
so you 're still 
reading?here 's the payoff . 
this product costs   250 . 
just wow . 
the foscam product is routinely found for   65- 85 . 
that 's a savings of   165- 185 . 
i measured the circumference and found the lower legs make a 25 inch circle . 
my boy 's waist is 26 inches . 
granted , for three this is very big ! 
i know . 
i wish it adjusted just a bit bigger!that said , i still like it . 
i really thought my son would not keep it on , but he will . 
he did n't even fuss too much . 
the head turns slightly sideways 
so it is not in the way of your kid 's head.like 
other reviewers said , the pocket really does n't hold much . 
i curl up the strap and stick it in the velcro pocket . 
not nearly enough pee . 
the excess pee would still go onto the seat and down onto the car . 
it 's very soft on top and plastic on bottom 
so it does protect parts of the seat but not the whole thing . 
i am shocked at how many people like this pacifier clip . 
- i recommend going with one of those . 
this swing is much more comfortable . 
i love that it can go front to back or side to side . 
my don really likes the side to side though . 
the mobile is realy nice , he loves it . 
i love the different speed settings and volume . 
which keeps the attention away from our usually cranky and sleepy son ! 
these bags are really good . 
so i just now got around to thawing them . 
i have not had a single on out of 50 leak on me . 
not one . 
i have had about 5 of every 100 lansinoh bags leak on me . 
they still freeze fairly flat and like i said much sturdier.update . 
i at first loved this product . 
it 's been embarrasing chasing the goldfish everywhere . 
i have not been happy with any of my other options . 
my son has been in this seat since he was 7 months old . 
he is now 27 months , 34 lbs , and 38   tall . 
the headrest is on its last setting and will not go any higher . 
i am at a loss . 
i did n't try car belts . 
i purchased this for my 6 week old son . 
this bear is just right ! when you first take it out of the package 
this was a convenient way to cart my son around the airport . 
it was pretty easy to detach and reattach as needed . 
that is where this steps in . 
the only downside is that you have to remove the batteries when packing . 
we use this as a discovery toy and pacifier . 
the material is great and this is manufactured well . 
there are n't any sharp or rough seams . 
i absolutely love this bouncer . 
i highly recommend it . 
but right after my baby was born , he did n't latch . 
in fact , he did n't latch until he was 10 weeks old . 
i ' ve had a wonderful experience with ameda . 
it 's well made , durable and charming - looking . 
overall , highly recommended . 
my 7-mo old son loooves this thing . 
when he 's fussing , this always quiets him . 
also very easy to wash , and fits nicely in a diaper bag . 
we 're expecting a second child , maybe he 'll like the toy better . 
they wash and wear really well . 
and then it still works on a 20 lb baby ! 
it 's not worth it ! 
quick and easy to use . 
very convenient . 
my toddler son loves this elephant , and it 's working very well . 
it would not work on a faucet with a pull knob , though . 
this necklace serves the purpose it was purchased for . 
my 6 month old who is teething loves to chew on this . 
she puts anything in her mouth 
she can get her hands on . 
this is great for when i ' m holding her 
but i do n't want to have to hold onto a teether . 
the necklace was really long 
i got the moonstone color and it is a decent looking necklace . 
they are thicker than i thought , but breathable . 
they are easy to install and the color is just gorgeous ! 
i recommend them 
these are so cute and colorful . 
they are very soft but shrunk a little in the wash . 
a good product 
i did n't read the description correctly . 
the ones star is because it was n't what i was 
expecting.i returned it and amazon were prompt at refunding my money . 
love amazon returns ! ! ! 
i absolutely love the aden    anais easy swaddles . 
they are easy to use    super soft . 
this is the best easy swaddle on the market . 
they held up well with washings . 
this pack and play was perfect for our intended use . 
and it was very easy to travel with . 
the price is also good . 
this is a wonderful baby blanket . 
the texture is very soft , and the design and colors are very attractive . 
it is machine washable , and just the right size for an infant . 
very cute mirror . 
boyer here . 
honestly i never took this product out of the package . 
returned purely based on the color . 
could n't say anything about the quality or fit . 
they works great   
but we do n't care as long as our child is protected . 
this is not a newborn or infant mattress . 
although it can be used as such . 
i would not recommend it . 
firstly , because it 's quite firm . 
overall , the mattress has superb quality . 
far exceeding expectations . 
it comes in white cover - film , like an adult mattress . 
this is perfect , for a toddler bed . 
it 's thick and sturdy , like an adult bed . 
i purchase this along with the orbelle , toddler bed , for my daughter . 
perfect in every way , looks like a grown up bed . 
just 5x the price . 
in fact , it 's the only one we use . 
it 's really soft , and my son will only sleep on this sheet . 
it stands up well to frequent washing . 
for the price , this item is a steal ! 
these bowls are great . 
we have been using them for five months and they are very useful . 
the lids are so helpful for storing leftovers . 
it is a bottle brush ... 
this thing is huge!it did not work for me . 
very firm , heavy mattress with a solid feel . 
it gives just enough when you press on it . 
coil count , not mentioned online , is 118 . 
review the guidlelines for mattresses at expectant mother 's guide.com . 
these are great burping clothes . 
however , the reception was horrible . 
it did n't seem to be a battery problem at all . 
all while in the same room as the camera and my sleeping baby . 
i do n't have any other electronics , aside from my iphone . 
and i had n't been able to hear my crying baby . 
i absolutely love this stroller . 
it is very light . 
it is so easy to fold and unfold . 
this more operator error than a design flaw . 
no other lovey would do because    34 lovey puppy   
34   was so soft . 
dear no longer seem to sell the brown puppy lovey   
i ' m not sure why , because it was so cute 
, so i took a gamble and bought the twin pack of angel 
34 brown bear   34   loveys from amazon . 
it 's also very forward - thinking to purchase the twin pack . 
best teething toy ever ! 
they are easy to hold . 
the rubber is soft and my 6 month old loves it . 
they are absorbent and work well as burp cloths . 
i just wish they were n't so scratchy . 
plus , of course , they 're white and stain easily . 
otherwise , they are inexpensive and do their job well . 
these were by far my sons favorite bottles . 
very simply , put these on your registry , you will not be sorry . 
i use these with my simple wishes pumping bra and now pumping is easy . 
i am so much more comfortable now ! 
i feel like my back has been saved ! 
i love it   it is exactly what i wanted . 
however , it does not attach perfectly to the britax b - agile stroller . 
not a huge problem , but something to be aware of . 
works like a charm ! 
the clip makes it convenient to attach it all part of the stroller . 
i recommend it ! 
my one year old loves this and does it all on her own . 
awesome toy . 
my daughter carries these around all day ! 
no mess and easy for the little ones to snack at their convenience ! 
he 's an idiot . 
so it moves back and forth a little bit has n't fallen down . 
there are scratches in the doorway where the cups meet the wall . 
but like i said , this is my husband 's fault . 
overall , even without the cups it is sturdy . 
my grand daughter plays with this toy all the time . 
she throws it , rolls it , and examines the insides . 
great purchase . 
great jungle rug and very cute by my doll 's room door . 
fits under a door in a carpeted room if anyone is wondering . 
love it ! 
so i stocked up . 
the package comes with a large and a small bag . 
or i can put husband 's sandwiches in them and they fit great . 
they are fun and make lunch more interesting than plain ol' sandwich bags . 
so i do n't throw anything away at the end of the day . 
totally awesome ! 
so much better than the bulb type . 
good mat . 
my son loves elmo . 
i love this product ! 
i babysit my granddaughter and routinely take her out during the day . 
i was kind of skeptical about this item since it just seemed like a thermos 
but i ' m very happy that i bought it . 
but i should n't have worried . 
the 3 sprouts organic storage bin is absolutely fantastic ! 
we have 3 for our daughter 's toys . 
i can not recommend them enough . 
they are well - made , attractive and roomy . 
my baby loved it .. 
several songs with all that colourful lights . 
love these and have bought several both cotton and fleece . 
what a great teether . 
my daughter gravitates towards this teether over all others . 
i think she likes the head nubs and nose on her gums . 
also , does not take too much space on our counter . 
good product ! 
so i purchased a pack . 
i tried it and you have to suck really hard to get any out . 
i really prefer the gerber sippy cups - 
those seem to be the best . 
but for take    toss these were alright . 
i love this . 
- it 's different than other mirrors . 
we used this for 6 months . 
fantastic diaper bag ! tried several others before i came across this gem ! 
love it ! 
car seat does n't slide around on it either . 
i like it and would recommend it to others . 
i recently received this diaper bag and i am very pleased . 
it is very roomy inside . 
i can fit several outfits in there . 
i bought this to use on a trip 
i am very surprised by the negative reviews.the beaba is amazing ! 
the pieces are easy to clean so it really is so easy to use . 
i continue to make baby food because it is easy and very convenient . 
this color is reddish , but it 's a deep cherry . 
it still looks very dark . 
super easy to put together . 
i did it myself 7 months pregnant in 30 min . 
solid , sturdy , beautiful ! 
exactly what i wanted . 
arrived in great condition . 
i have n't used with a baby yet .... 
i will try to remember to update review later once it is lived in . 
could it get any better ? 
i do n't think so . 
this is the best   10 i ' ve spent so far . 
we take this mobile everywhere ! 
it should be reviewed based on it 's quality and operation . 
we could n't install this on our third door because of that . 
i only can use two of the size though . 
i bought this so that my husband could also wear the baby . 
honestly , the strap on the carrier is large ... 
fits my baby jogger city select perfectly . 
these nail scissors are great and not daunting at all . 
wait til baby is sleeping 
the shape allows for ease of use with either hand from any direction . 
our son is learning both english and chinese . 
very well built , even good for his father to learn chinese . 
my 1 month old gets frusterated that nothing is coming out . 
we tried the tri - cut and again he got frusterated 
so i ripped the cut a little bigger and that works 
so i went and got the fast flow . 
then i found this ! ! 
it is so awesome and he loves it ! 
he will stay content in this for a good 30 minutes at a time . 
this is the second pack ' n play i have gotten from graco . 
it could n't be any easier to set up . 
just pull it out of the box and push down to snap into place . 
the mattress fits and snaps snugly in the corners . 
the bassinet clips onto the top . 
the changer napper also basically snaps on the top rails . 
the instruction booklet has step by step instructions if you need help . 
now with this version , they have added the changer napper . 
it is very convenient ! 
the napper is cushioned and fleecey . 
the changer is lined with waterproof material . 
remove the mattress and pull up on the handle . 
you may have to fiddle with the rails to get them undone . 
the mattress pad wraps around the unit and velcros together . 
it fits nicely into the bag that comes with . 
they are gender neutral and look nice in any color room of the house . 
the wheels make it easy to move from room to room . 
i have no problems or complaints about this product . 
i really like these washcloths vs normal and child versions . 
my original set has held up over two years of use . 
it 's a nice bib , but it 's for older toddlers . 
too big for my 6 month old . 
maybe in a year or so it will work better . 
first unit we got had battery issues . 
it would die after just a few hours . 
so you kind of need to tweak the volume setting to the perfect level . 
it 's a pretty good value . 
know what works for you before you buy a cover like this . 
we just used the tiny diner placemat for the first time last night . 
it worked great . 
we will not dine out without it ! 
also not great to go in the diaper bag ... 
he wraps his fist in the blanket then chews on them ! 
i love love love this thing , and so does my son . 
we love these . 
we are very happy with the purchase . 
fast delivery ! 
however , he does n't seem to want to bite on it .... 
the outer ring is a little big . 
and the string holding it together is on the cheap side . 
i could have made this myself for   3 with a little effort . 
i ' m keeping it , but it was n't totally worth the money . 
i loved not having to transfer milk from one bottle to another . 
i recently purchased this toy for my 4.5 month old . 
it 's slightly difficult to attach this to car seat , or other gear . 
the size of the nipple part is the same . 
my son is now 4 months and he still prefers the green ones . 
but i went ahead and bought two more for our second son 
bc i love them so much . 
tons of uses ! ! 
let 's start with the biggest possible deal breaker   the rigid latch system . 
the bottom also does not separate from the top . 
it fits my van window to give my daughter the shade she needs . 
it is easy to use and adjust to your size . 
the pumps stay in place well . 
comfortable to wear , and easy to get on and off . 
came in package with a tear at the seam . 
i kept it anyway . 
its white but also stickers in package left mark on top . 
i think i will just get one with pattern next time . 
we just set it on a play mat on the floor of the restroom 
so he is in sight but can not get into any trouble . 
great to start using after he would n't sit happily in his bouncy seat anymore.it 
has also been great for taking out of town to grandma 's house ! 
easy to clean . 
i started work at six weeks and have a one hour commute each way . 
that meant i was away from my baby for 11 hours a day ! 
i did not want that passing into my baby   8217 s milk . 
both of my coworkers and some of my family members have used to ameda pump 
this pump was one of the best purchases i   8217 ve made . 
it works great and has excellent suction . 
there are barely and parts to clean . 
it 's a great item for the price and looks real pretty too . 
so , we are stuck in one area . 
but for the price , it 's not so bad . 
this is my son 's favorite sippy cup and mine too . 
of course , its one of the more expensive that he prefers . 
we have used this since day 1 with our infant and love it . 
live in a small space and did n't want a giant plastic tub . 
it holds a lot of water so it keeps her warm ... 
she 's never not liked a bath since day 1 . 
this was a total waste of money . 
it attached strongly , but no matter how i applied it to the drawer , 
it never    34 caught   34   
it to keep my little one out of the drawer . 
i would not buy this again . 
i just received these as a gift and will be returning them . 
you can see right through them . 
plus , the fabric is really scratchy . 
not at all what i was expecting . 
the light lavender scent is pleasantly noticeable without being overpowering . 
especially the ones that make the crinkle noise ! 
so oh well . 
it was fun while it lasted ! 
then he dumped me into someone 's voicemail in an unknown department . 
i called back , really mad , and tried another extension . 
this time i got someone else in sales who was very kind . 
she was able to get me a really helpful customer service supervisor . 
hopefully they are better than the present ones . 
will update.i would buy again from this company . 
an even better alternative   fix your hinges before selling toy boxes ! 
breastfeeding is an intensely controversial topic . 
i suppose it can be used as a shawl when the children grow up ! 
i bought this when my daughter was probably around six to eight months old . 
i have tried so many things and that little bee has been a lifesaver . 
they close well and do not leak because of the gasket on the lids . 
i loved this toilet . 
it made life easy . 
it 's nothing like this 
one.i know it 's just a potty , but i really miss it.i 
think it only adds to my review that i miss this thing so much . 
99.9   of every toilet i ran into , 
it 's been two months . 
the better .- siiigh.-   
i did n't buy mine from amazon because i was too cheap to pay shipping 
so i found mine on craigslist instead . 
why these parents did n't like this seat 
i have no clue ! ! 
it 's amazing . 
oh no , what is a girl to do ? 
i just love it . 
the bonuses of this seat are 1 . 
it folds up very small . 
perfect for in the stroller or over night bag.2 . 
it assembles very , very quickly . 
i 'll be buying a potty special for my bedroom quickly . 
one that does n't depend on bags to be a free standing potty 3 . 
younger children just starting to potty train . 
the hole itself iiiis a bit small , i admit . 
nothing to little for my 1.5 year old . 
this is definately a buy .   
- fruit gushers review kid . 
it is large , but seems stabile and sturdy . 
easy to adjust the straps , and take off the cover to wash . 
let me start by saying my baby has acid reflux . 
so , we do n't deal with the normal   occasional spit up . 
we go through at least 5 burp cloths per day . 
the black and white and the pink argyle . 
they also get scratchy when you wash them . 
they are bigger , softer and much more absorbent . 
i have 3 sets and hate to run out . 
this is one of the best baby toys i ' ve ever seen ! ! 
so , i can not say this is a necessity . 
i had a small crock pot all day to have hot water on hand 
and then i would just put the bottle in to warm up . 
i bought it from a deal site for quite a bit cheaper . 
i love it . 
it is fast . 
this was a product that we were dying to have . 
she is almost 3 months . 
i do agree that the light is bright . 
it would be nice if there were two light settings . 
it 's way to bright and wakes her up instantly . 
it alleviates those first few moments of stress being alone in a dark room . 
by the time it 's done playing , she 's asleep . 
ok where do we start . 
the item is very soft like they say it is that 's about it . 
problem is the pieces you use to secure it are not long enough 
and i m not making a double knot 
then i wo nt be able to ever get them out . 
i just got the item 
so i am still playing with it . 
each morning i tie all the pieces in a single tie . 
not a double knot and they open the next day . 
it 's perfect . 
she enjoys climbing up and helping to put the straps on . 
it is very sturdy and i have no worries about it tipping over . 
for 15 - 20 minutes . 
i definitely recommend ! 
this is much better design than the powder dispenser by avent . 
all of the powder that you put in easily pours out . 
it also fits well in the diaper bag . 
i think it can later be used as snack cups . 
this sheet is very very soft - feels like flannel . 
fits the pack and play perfectly and have washed it several times . 
would highly recommend . 
we had bought this tray for my son while riding in the car . 
it has little straps that connect to the chair 
so you can make it as tight or as loose as you want . 
nice little tray ! ! 
if i could go back i would have tried the homemade version first ... 
google    34 homemade sns   34    supplemental nursing system . 
also you have to keep buying bags , which is more money . 
that means you will have stagnant water at the base of the drying rack . 
does n't sound too ideal to me.so two stars off for the above problems . 
when i received the drying rack the plastic was nice white color . 
not quite sure why this happened 
i could not be happier with this new drying rack . 
we do n't have a dishwasher 
so i have always just handwashed it , and that 's worked for us . 
it 's great . 
i love them they are thick and sturdy and do not leak ! 
the picture is misleading . 
it says pack of two and shows two packages in the picture 
i thought i was getting 4 tubes total but only got 2 . 
they hooked up perfectly and work great just disappointed int he misleading description . 
it was n't as good of a deal as i thought because of this . 
these work perfectly . 
my son really loves this soother ! 
i took a star off for a few small problems . 
so , it 's not perfect , but still a great unit . 
he 's tall for his age . 
it 's about 10   long , so better for bigger babies . 
he likes to grab it by the arms . 
the little mirror attracts him , as do the faces of the robot . 
it 's very well - made , with bright colors and different textures . 
i think this will become one of his favourites .. 
this is n't my first time buying this 
but i have n't had any better luck with it . 
i got this to help out with cloth diaper stink 
but it 's not helping much . 
today for the first time i placed the chicco car seat in the stroller 
i was surprised how well it fit and how sturdy it was .. 
i never tried it out because i knew about the adapters . 
that 's where the car seat will sit on . 
i am big on safety and it feels totally safe to me . 
.. it was such a pain to fold   unfold at first 
but i ' m getting the hang of it .. 
there is not much to say , it 's handy . 
this one is great because it is very sturdy . 
i bought portable crib sheets at babies 
r us and they work great . 
my daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib 
and i think we will get a lot of use from it ! 
we can put it in our suburban . 
i love this crib . 
processed shea butter is missing that scent . 
i had bibs saved from when my son was first eating solid foods . 
if we are going out to eat 
i recommend the bibs that had snap up pockets . 
spend the extra money and get a better one . 
i returned for a refund and ordered one from one step ahead instead . 
item delivered on time , was as described , great overall experience ! 
works great . 
but they were a huge pain . 
it 's just very fast and easy . 
not a functional toy for a little kid i did n't like it at all 
i wish i did n't buy it 
really helps to have the diapers and wipes together for changing time . 
fits great next to her changing pad on her dresser . 
one thing to keep in mind when purchasing this warmer   
but once you get the hang of it , it becomes second nature 
and it 's definately a bargain ! 
auto- shut off ! ! ! 
this would be a great shower gift ! 
i sterilized it in boiling water then gave it to my infant . 
i do nt know if any got in her mouth 
but i ' m not giving it back to her . 
do not buy 
i used it and it was ok kind of hard to smash food well 
but it was good for on the go 
cause i traveled a lot at the time . 
and it gets kind of hard to travel with baby food . 
but the bowl eventually broke maybe 1 yr later ... 
idk my wear and tear . 
i think it was work it for the time i used it . 
we started with a sound only monitor with our first kid which worked well . 
we later added the avent viedo monitor to use in our play room . 
once you used this one , you are hooked . 
a must have for parents ! ! ! 
really no complaints . 
but again its nice and warm fleecy . 
very safe ! 
my son has the time of his life jumping in this jumper ! 
a video monitor is a must have for me . 
we first tried a sound only monitor which worked very well 
and we were really happy with it   
the picture is crystal clear , especially in night vision mode . 
if he moves farther down the crib we just move the camera . 
to break it down pros -crystal clear picture , excellent night vision mode . 
great for multiple rooms children.cons -no   
mute   feature . 
not cool . 
the lowest setting is ear splitting at night . 
definitely the most annoying thing about this monitor.- the biggest con   battery life . 
not very long . 
edit 04 18 13   
the worst thing about this monitor is still the lack of battery life . 
i wish they came in more colors . 
i bought this for my friend as a shower gift . 
apparently her baby crys 
when you take him out of it he loves it so much ! 
, she is n't having any of those problems . 
i was so glad to give such an appreciated gift ! 
at almost 2 years , he still loves this toy ! 
it plays several tunes and it even has 2 volume levels . 
worth the money and i plan to buy more 
this is a great product . 
it made my life so much easier . 
my kids never liked a tiny playpen , but these are much roomier . 
i highly recommend getting this ! 
ordered this product to help reduce breastfeeding pain product worked pretty well . 
was a bit bulky . 
i also found it scratchy . 
however i would still recommend 
well i must admit it definitely made a difference    
helped me get much needed rest . 
it also helped alleviate my back pain that i had been getting . 
my only complaint is that after 4 mo . 
of use its starting to go flat in some parts . 
mainly the head 
but i have fixed that my just placing a pillow underneath that part . 
and i have no regrets about the purchase . 
our baby absolutely loves these bottles and we use them to supplement breastfeeding . 
so it 's a smooth transition . 
big win ! 
i also have an older daughter 
i hated installing it 
and i ' m so broke because it was   
500 fir one set amd 
but i give 4 stars becausw 
i ' m so thankful i did n't have to trade in my car . 
at first , i loved this carrier . 
it feels very secure    comfortable for the baby    you . 
she 's now 19 lbs at 5 1 2 months .   
it 's very versatile , too - also unlike the bjorn . 
i like being able to carry her on my hip . 
especially if you 're 5'1 , like me !   
plus , the fabric attracts particles , so watch out for pet hair ! 
the pet hair    fine debris just shows too much ! 
whoever invented the nosefrida is a genius . 
the filters are easy to replace and cheap . 
this is perfect because it 's there with the stroller   
i have a baby girl   
and he can pop on when he gets worn out . 
he feels like he has the freedom to walk 
and i do n't have to worry about him begging to be carried . 
i purchased this hoping it would alleviate some pain . 
he never took to it . 
he did n't seem to like the bumps on it . 
my daughter is nursing her baby girl and she tried this out . 
the pros are that its color will match everything . 
it is a bit small , but has many pouches . 
the print is super cute ! 
the stroller strap is great . 
love it , actually . 
i have them in the diaper bag    34 just in case .   
but , could have lived without them . 
since i do n't understand what they are for . 
i have been using this since the day i brought my baby home . 
it has tons of storage room and it 's super cute . 
great for use with the plastic squeeze bottle . 
use for infants . 
there is no mess with feeding out of a container ! 
i have n't figured out if i can turn the chime off yet 
there does n't seem to be any kind of real guide to the settings however 
so it is pretty much a   try as you go and adjust situation . 
also , it would be nice to have independent dual controls for each side . 
this kind of thing is what makes me think men design these machines . 
especially since the nuk bottles have the orthopedic nipples that simulate breastfeeding . 
you can not afford a medela 
so i would recommend this nuk if you do n't want to spend hundreds . 
seriously , why are the nipples stage 1 on 8 oz bottles ? 
i received these as baby shower gifts and they are wonderful ! 
i now give them to every expectant mother . 
put a few in your purse as a great distraction . 
or just give them a few to chew on . 
they are a must have ! 
these are the best sheets ! 
i have a few of these now after trying other brands . 
they are so soft and after many washes have no issues at all . 
totally worth the purchase for their durability , cuteness factor , and softness . 
we purchased the my little lamb swing for our newborn daughter 
and she absolutely loves it . 
the mobile is very cute and keeps her entertained for a long time . 
the removable pillow cradles the baby 's head and prevents her from bobbling around . 
and she naps for much longer stretches in her swing than she will elsewhere . 
at the lowest swing setting , she is perfectly content . 
the motor on the swing is pretty quiet . 
legs on the swing are sturdy and it is very stable while in motion . 
this is a small drawback to an otherwise perfect product . 
while this item may seem a little pricey , it 's totally worth it ! 
we love this little chair ! 
i also like the added seatbelt for security . 
i ' m not a crazy mom who uses the safety belts on every . 
i bought this to organize my daughters books and it is just perfect . 
it was easy to put together and matches our dark furniture very well . 
the little storage containers are also nice to throw extra toys in . 
my baby kind of likes to chew on this . 
not really sure it 's helping his teeth . 
but what the heck , it makes a nice chew toy . 
there is so much to say about this carseat . 
i recommend it to all the moms - to - be i know . 
i like all the orange accents . 
the belt is easy to latch and unlatch . 
the changing station is great . 
i actually like it better than my real changing table . 
the extra attachment is great for diapers , wipes and ointment . 
this is a decent selection for a baby monitor . 
the picture is very clear and the screen is rather large . 
there is a nice feature of the zoom in . 
i can leave the lullabies . 
skype is great 
but i ' m not sure of the application for that . 
the reason for the down rating is that the range is not that impressive . 
so it 's a trade off of range versus features . 
in our home the camera is on the second floor center room . 
also , the sd disk that can take pictures . 
the batter runs down pretty quickly when placed at the edge of the range . 
these are great little deals to have for our little girl . 
i highly recommend these ! 
i love everything about this tether , and my son does too . 
she 's cute , soft , and squeaky . 
some may be turned off by the price , but she is worth it ! 
fits my convertible crib perfectly ! 
this tub folds easily and for that alone it is worth five stars . 
i really wanted to like this cup . 
i like that this pad is flat . 
it is not very thick 
but it will do . 
this pad is 17 by 34.5 . 
such a small difference but this pad bends easily . 
we have a 5 point harness booster seat by britax and this fits perfectly . 
i love that it can be rolled or put on like a backpack . 
spend the money these are worth it .   
we had the cheap off label brand before and it was terrible 
great design ! 
top is soft , yet keeps from getting his cherrios everywhere . 
love it . 
these panniers come in a set of two . 
they are very easy to use and have a very innovative design . 
he reaches his arm in there and undoes the lock ... 
so i am switching to these . 
these are very nice except when installation does n't go well . 
these must be installed almost exactly correct for them to work right . 
a little too high or too low and there could be problems . 
oh , also these are rather expensive 
i also put burp cloths   
our twins love the sheet it is very soft . 
they had no problems with the sheet and seem so comfortable in it . 
for the price they charge for the carseat a cup holder must be standard . 
we washed it couple of times in cold water and air dried it 
but it seems to be fading already . 
this was still too fast for my daughter . 
milk was flowing out of the side of her mouth and onto her clothes . 
i love this hamper ! 
too cute ! 
this sippy cup is no exception . 
they designed this cup to be everything to everyone!1 . 
you can turn it upside down and it will not leak . 
the handles are removable . 
i love that.3 . 
the whole thing is dishwasher safe   top rack 5 . 
oxo really thought of everything with this one . 
i tried and i have to exert myself quite a bit . 
maybe when she 's a bit older . 
if you want a warmer , this is a good one . 
fortunately , the company does sell replacement pads . 
i agree with another reviewer - do n't put in the entire wipes pack . 
this product is n't really necessary for me and my baby   
it just all depends on your diapering style and your baby . 
he loves them and so do i ! 
it may be telling that i ' ve never had old gerber flats . 
they 're an ultra - basic birdseye cotton . 
many modern cotton flats are birdseye . 
they do indeed appear thin . 
but after a few washes , they are super - soft . 
i really can not over - talk how wonderfully soft they are . 
those flats are visibly thicker . 
end result ? 
one reason only   size . 
these really will not . 
they work perfectly for small babies -- 
i love the new , updated features too . 
again , it 's such a simple idea , but what a difference ! 
you can tell at a glance whether the strap is twisted or not . 
very soft and received a lot of compliments from friends . 
love it . 
this box is the perfect storage solution for our 9-month old son 's toys . 
it 's soft so he can not hurt himself , yet sturdy . 
he 's at the stage where he is pulling himself up to stand   
he does this with the toy box and it does n't tip over . 
we do n't plan on sitting on this or using it as an ottoman . 
did not work . 
it 's so cute , but on man is it big ! 
we received this as a baby shower gift and absolutely love it . 
now if only it could peel and dice the veggies ! 
this is such a great product . 
it also keeps the food inside really hot warm for a few hours . 
i really had my hopes up for this jumperoo with its stellar reviews . 
well , this jumperoo continues to frustrate her at 4 months . 
i know that could just be my daughter 's preference . 
however , it does n't have much for entertainment either . 
she gets bored of the toys 
the hiding tiger barely pops out when pushed .. so boring . 
she likes to stare at them , but they are too high to reach ... 
it 's difficult to put her in and pull her out . 
do n't hesitate to buy - you 'll be rewarded with an awesome product 
they ' ve held up well through several trips in the washer dryer . 
the color of this is so much better than the others out there . 
i use it all the time and the quality is great . 
i do n't recommend drying it , it can shrink a little . 
it fits very well on costco carts and every other cart except target . 
it tends to slip off on those but they are really huge . 
easy to use and does n't look ridiculous when carrying it into the store . 
would have given it five stars but it is really expensive . 
worth it for the style and quality , but pricey . 
i like that it contains no cushions so it can be cleaned easier . 
wipes up well and our son does n't complain to be sat in it . 
you can work , check your phone , eat , etc . 
while pumping with this bra . 
absolutely necessary and wonderful ! 
the fit is a bit tight 
but i ' m certain that it is supposed to be tight 
i ended up super gluing them on ... 
it was n't an expensive piece of furniture 
so i do n't mind ! 
i 'd rather my baby be safe than keeping my furniture pretty ! 
i have converted . 
plus , it creates fewer crevices to clean . 
who does n't like creating jobs at home ? 
i really like the overall look of this stroller . 
the pattern is classic and suitable for a boy and a girl . 
the stroller features an adjustable handle height which is great for dads . 
this belt fits my 20 month old great . 
i put it on the tightest snaps . 
great invention . 
intrigued by both the concept and the price , i gave these a shot . 
anyhow , these seem to work pretty well . 
they do shrink up a bit , but not too much . 
i also appreciate the lack of bleaching . 
we have been so happy with our chicco cortina travel system ! 
everything about it is practically perfect . 
the chicco cortina is a winner in my book . 
i found the size to be fine   daughter is 12.5lbs 
and i ordered large   and the material is nice and soft . 
, i do n't think this is the answer . 
they 're the easiest to put together as well . 
cleaning them is easier then any other bottle . 
and she has loved her since she opened her . 
she goes everywhere . 
our daughter sleeps with her , and carries her all over the place . 
it is also a great toy for learning dressing tasks . 
i had a similar doll when i was young , though not as cute ! 
the shoe tying will come in time ! 
i would highly recommend this princess for other little girls . 
this is such a cute playmat . 
my little guy likes it . 
it provides music , lights , and toys ...... 
plenty of activity to keep him busy for a little while ! 
i initially bought this brush because it was tommee tippe 
and i figured it would work best with my tommee tippee bottles . 
i used this on tommee tippee and medela bottles . 
i used this brush couple times a day and it held up really well . 
and it turned the brush red . 
so i figured maybe i would try a different brush , bad idea . 
so i bought a new tommee tippee brush . 
my son does n't use bottles anymore 
2.5 years old   
honestly i use this brush on all of my sons cups plates . 
the only other observation i have is my first brush was green 
and it did tend to come apart more often while cleaning . 
maybe they changed the way they hold together . 
only 4 mos pregnant and can not wait to use this ! 
the material is soft and light , very breathable .    
my little girl is 8 months now and we still love our moby . 
i ' ve received many compliments on it ! 
very easy to wash when it needs it ! 
m fine with it having no drain holes . 
i like this product . 
when i got my simmons changing pad , this came with it free . 
i bought these bags to store , transport and clean my pump parts . 
very nice sleeping bag . 
he loves his new sleeping bag , easy to pun on and take off . 
and it 's good for summer time . 
our 4 month old loves this . 
she if stares at it with amazement . 
i think it feels pretty well made 
so i ' m happy overall 
they just created more laundry than they were worth because they are n't waterproof . 
the 2 3 size is perfect for my 4-month - old . 
the solid colors never clash with her outfits . 
i never use a burp cloth because these hold quite a bit of moisture . 
hands down , these are my favorite bibs . 
other then that a great buy .. 
the tip on this spout is very large . 
he has not had problems with other soft tipped sippers   
he has a few styles . 
also , we ' ve had leaks at the closure 
other bottles have a locking sound that lets 
you know you ' ve put it on tight enough . 
it is very , very casual looking . 
the problem is the clasp ... 
it is cheap . 
cheap does n't begin to describe it . 
these are lovely cute , soft , and inexpensive washcloths for baby . 
use at home or leave some at grandma 's for visiting little ones ! 
this tub is affordable and excellent . 
my newborn can sit comfortably during the bath . 
there is a drain in the tub too to make it easier . 
i was really impressed with this product . 
i am out of luck with our other car ... 
otherwise , i would have absolutely bought the second mirror . 
it really scared me . 
the clip and the sturdiness of the brest friend pillow works as advertised . 
i ' m glad i purchased this over the leading brands . 
i hope that comes out with more washing!overall 
fun for the bath . 
he plays with the spoons all the time . 
very smart design . 
i have not used these yet . 
they feel really thin and cheap . 
i do n't think they will hold up very well with really soaked diapers . 
i was expecting them to be a little better quality . 
i guess you get what you pay for . 
other wet bags cost a little more than these . 
these two bags are different sizes . 
i am guessing i can get about 3 diapers in the biggest bag . 
they are very cute but the quality is just not the best . 
these breast milk storage bags work very well 
i have never had a problem with the tearing or spoiling . 
would buy again . 
our daughter hated it at first , but has since gotten used to it . 
very disappointed . 
the lock that prevents this chair from folding up does n't work well . 
the chair is low quality for a low price . 
makes life so much easier while traveling with baby on the go ! 
it really deodorizes soiled diapers until you can find a trash bin to dispose . 
works really well and we used them to identify breastmilk bottles for daycare . 
like the other viewers said , this is a great idea and product . 
what i like about it most isfirst , it inflates and deflates very easily . 
but it is so quiet ! 
you can barely hear the music . 
i ' ve tried using it in the car    
you can not hear it at all . 
the only thing that lights up is the sun    the red bird . 
does n't keep my child 's attention at all . 
and ever since , they ' ve been inseparable ! 
her three dots items . 
i can not say enough good things about this monkey . 
as she 's grown , so has her love for dots . 
he 's totally machine washable . 
he 's unique and adorable and gender neutral . 
he makes everyone smile . 
dots is awesome . 
the caterpillar is creepy looking as it pops out and scares my kid . 
this is a basic item and does the job . 
i think its low . 
get it , it works and it is totally needed . 
the jeep walker may have more in terms of toys on it 
but it was way too big . 
this walker is collapsible and more space friendly . 
but you can attach your own toys to it 
and it 's just fine . 
this walker was also easy to install set up . 
love this toilet and so does my daughter . 
i will also find my 3 year old son using it . 
but she loves it ! 
and buying the matching cloud slipcover . 
i have found different slipcovers at target , babiesrus , target and baby depot . 
i guess i learned my lesson . 
a waste of money for me . 
did n't stay in place , held no interest for my son . 
a total waste of my money this time ... 
this is nice , and the velcro works well . 
poorly made and it does not hold heavy objects . 
i returned this right away . 
do n't even bother wasting your money . 
what are you waiting for ? 
this is a good keepsake for your little ones early years . 
comes with everything you need to do it , as well ! 
this teether is cute , safe , and my daughter loves it ! 
easy to clean and works very well . 
you might be thinking   
no , it 's not quite the same . 
i do n't know why there are only few reviews about this cooler . 
but i liked the design and the size 
so i bought it and it is the awesome cooler than i thought!!i 
it feels a little tight with 3 8 oz dr . 
brown 's bottles 
but it still does fit 
and i was impressed . 
but i do n't know how to do it here . 
maybe it 's his scary , beady eyes . 
maybe it 's the ugly combination of colors . 
what a waste of money ! ! 
this cover will not keep your baby warm . 
the quality of this product is terrible . 
made in china . 
just fill and toss in the diaper bag ! 
i only wish the opening was large enough to accommodate my baby 's hand . 
i do n't know what i would do without this . 
this play yard is huge and it can be used in different shapes . 
my son is now 15 months old and running around ... 
it is also very easy to set up and put away . 
i would definitely recommend this play yard . 
got a breast pump from one of my friends- awesome . 
bought this kit 
so i did n't get any of her boob juices on me . 
200 bucks saved ! 
great value , last a long time here ! 
relieves the back pain of nursing and gives perfect support ! 
it relieved so much stress for me and my baby ! wonderful product ! ! 
the booster seat itself stays secure on most chairs with flat seats . 
, it did n't work very well . 
my daughter   17 weeks old   loves this item . 
baby did n't start really enjoying this toy until about 4 months though . 
and i think they 're great . 
i 'd buy them again . 
i have not had a single issue with it . 
the material is so soft and cozy . 
i wish i could get snuggly in it!because of the reviews 
i was very worried about the speed being a problem . 
i was glad to discover that it is a total non issue . 
i use it on the third speed setting . 
either that or they have a defective unit . 
it just is n't that bad.update   
the maximum weight is 24 lb 
it just would n't swing anymore and the motor just made grinding noises . 
i was really disappointed at first 
but we called fisher price 
it is n't even under warranty anymore . 
great customer service 
so i am keeping this at 5 stars . 
great cups that are safe    chemical free . 
wonderful product . 
lives up to its name . 
will b super comfy . 
and the belt r so sucure they r so firmly engineered . 
just wish i did n't have to return 
i bought this carseat based on its high ratings from consumer reports . 
m sure it will fit even better once it 's forward - facing . 
the seat seems super comfy -- very nice padding and 
my son seems very happy in it   
he 's been less fussy on car rides . 
getting him in and out of the seat is a snap . 
this is a great carseat for a low price ! 
we bought multiples of these , just so we 'd have them . 
it vibrates while our little 9-month - old bites on it ! 
so glad we found it . 
definitely worth the money . 
i never used these because i figured that they would not be comfortable . 
what a waste of money and resources . 
we originally bought a graco myride 65 for my daughter . 
we had so much trouble getting the seat and straps tightened . 
no matter how hard i pulled it just would n't get tight enough . 
this car seat is 100 times easier . 
i highly recommend this car seat . 
some kids after a certain age will not want to be strapped down . 
i do love it a lot , and my husband loves it even more . 
no hunching over   not even my tall husband -very easy 
is hard because of the x design on the back . 
and the basket is small . 
not a huge issue for me but sometimes annoying .- no 3 point harness . 
up until this point 
fantastic product as well .- weight . 
this is incredibly heavy considering i was expecting a lightweight stroller . 
they also delivered it next day with free shipping as amazon does . 
love it . 
my 6 month old son loves this elmo teether rattle toy ! 
i love that it 's machine washable ! 
all his other stuffed toys are not . 
i ' ve washed elmo many times 
and he 's never lost his color or quality ! 
my son loves chewing on the teether hands and the crinkley sounding feet . 
i highly recommend the elmo teether rattle toy !   also a great price ! 
makes cleaning pump parts and bottles much easier and quicker . 
i have no negatives about this product . 
holds securely to chair , back adjusts as child grows . 
easy to keep clean 
for some reason our 6-month old has simply not taken to this toy . 
i ' m not sure why she does n't like it more . 
i got this for my mil while watching my kiddo . 
he likes baths but can not see up very good yet . 
cheap and functional would be a good summary . 
keeps my 21 month old from opening the mirrored closet doors . 
actually pretty strong . 
i put it where he can not reach it . 
only getting 4 stars because its expensive . 
i have n't found anything comparable . 
i m sure you know how that goes . 
so instead of having to stop and feed baby , then hearing    34 
i need to potty   34 , we decided to buy this . 
i have had my fair share of formula in my mouth . 
overall it is worth it ! 
my daughter likes this plate . 
we wash it on the bottom rack of the dishwasher    
it holds up just fine , which is a plus for me . 
i do n't understand what the gripe is all about posted by other shoppers . 
this gate clamp saved me lots of time and headaches when installing the gate . 
the whole installation took no more than 20 minutes . 
love the prints and the fabric is actually really soft . 
had to return it because lo could n't fit in them anymore 
so i got this sheet today from amazon . 
it was packed well . 
its a nice soft cotton fabric . 
i smelled some chemicals 
so i washed and used it . 
it fitted very well with our matress . 
looks good too . 
the price is reasonable too . will update if needed . 
see my chewable necklace review . 
this is great too 
sensitivity is good . 
battery life when charged is good , about 16 hours 
or so i think , without recharging . 
i bought these bummis liners at the recommendation of many cd'ing friends . 
these appear to be a lot more comfy on the bum . 
this has been my experience time and again since switching to this liner 1 month 
ago.bottom line   
this toy box ended up being a perfect match for our living room . 
excellent product . 
baby loves watching the little animals go round . 
he coos and talks to his animals and the nature sounds are soothing . 
baby would fuss and cry to get out of this sling . 
ended up just putting it away and not using it . 
this band does not stay in place- keeps moving around the tummy ! ! 
the herbal pouch smells great when warmed up ... 
but it is not warm enough to be effective . 
also , it is a little too wide for 2 month old kids . 
we love this . 
got this for our daughter who was teething real bad . 
she actually started to carry it around by the little peel handles . 
the tray is removable . 
so you 're left with something that 's 
... it got very close in ours , but just not quite . 
he wanted to sit in the same chairs we sat in . 
it 's been there ever since   
he 's now 
so about 10mths now . 
the part i like is the height adjustment . 
but once we started letting him use spoons    whatnot 
practice.the one problem we do have with this chair is the arm rests . 
these are not optional , you have to use these . 
, it works - 
so i 'd definitely recommend it . 
otherwise , it does fold really small and has really nice patterns . 
when it dies , i 'll be buying something else . 
this is nice and looks great . 
i really liked this carrier and so did my daughter . 
i could n't for the life of me 
this was great as it was just a few steps 
and it was on . 
no long fabric to get caught up in . 
otherwise , it works great ! 
i ' m a new mom   5 wo   and had no idea 
how useful   burp   cloths could be . 
i always prefer these to my other cloths . 
they are very high quality made with hemp fiber which is an expensive material . 
i ' m ordering another 3 pack . 
i have dr . 
brown 's bottles , and was using the dr . 
my husband researched on amazon and saw the great reviews for this one . 
thank you , husband . 
it works great , and i like the stand that it comes with . 
they are also really pretty and modern looking . 
i highly recommend them , could be a good registry item . 
will definitely buy more soon ! 
great for little hands and little mouths to chew on . 
my son loves it and it is very easy to wipe clean . 
i do n't understand the negative reviews . 
my 9 month old loves this sippy 
and it 's so easy to clean and put back together . 
for the price , it 's a steal ! 
my 6 month old daughter loves this thing . 
i have to take her out of it when she tires herself out . 
i can get the dishes done , bottles made , ready in the morning , 
etc and she 's happy the whole time . 
the colors are nice , not too bright or busy . 
the music is n't annoying . 
the toys are simple enough that she can enjoy them without becoming overwhelmed . 
it 's stable , does n't shift around on my wood floors . 
i like this style better than those with a solid base 
, i think it teaches balance better.the only downsides 
i can think of   the monkey and rhino that hang from the leaves 
are just out of her grasp 
but she 's very interested in them and wants to grab them . 
also the 360 motion is probably not something she can do yet . 
she can move it a little bit 
so i think once she has a better plant on the floor   
right now her toes just touch   
it 'll be fine.overall- 
this product is perfect ! 
not too bulky and blends in with her white crib . 
she can bite all over this and not ruin the crib . 
wanted to love this since people say it is great 
and i really wanted one i could wear on my back . 
i did n't like the clip right between the shoulder blades - 
this is a great drying rack , very well made . 
i have a double sink in my kitchen and keep it there . 
i love how the bottles stay in place and do n't tip over . 
very satisfied . 
the red is a nice bright red without being too orange - y . 
when these arrived they made feeding our son so much better . 
they held up well and still look good . 
i have been using this stroller for the last 7 months   love it ! 
steers like a dream . 
fits into standard doors . 
the basket underneath is not very easy accessible 
but you get plenty of storage pockets and various holders 
so i rarely use the basket . 
i just wish the back of the seats were firm . 
it 's also heavy and pricy . 
several years ago we bought a graco snugride 22 for my older daughter - 
and then she hated being in the car .   
when my second daughter was born , she also hated the car . 
so right away , we loved this seat . 
it 's a fabulous combination.this car seat feels pretty sturdy for an infant seat . 
but it 's a safe car seat , and i trust the britax brand . 
i would give these bottles more than 5 stars if possible . 
every baby is different and has their own preferences . 
my concern with a bottle is leaking . 
i had no issues with these bottles ever ! ! ! 
i also like that you can buy sippy spouts for the bottles . 
it was much cheaper to buy just spouts than complete training cups . 
i would definitely recommend these to anyone . 
i received the newborn lounger as a shower gift . 
great cups for my toddler . 
they are durable and hold plenty of liquid , too . 
this is a super cute and funny pacifier . 
could n't wait to try it out . 
he was not into it at all . 
so now it sits in a box of things to donate . 
oh well . 
seller sent it quickly they were good . 
i took my almost 3-year - old to target to try this seat out . 
very cheap ,   plasticy   feel to it . 
i ended up buying the radian xt . 
the advantage here is it fits the 5 pt . 
harness to 80 lbs . 
nice quality , but useless on a stroller . 
this just blew right into my baby 's face . 
worth the price . 
but you just can not read what it says . 
i bought when my newborn was 2 weeks old 
so we can get his early prints . 
there is enough to worry about during long flights while looking for gates etc . 
it 's done in under 20 seconds . 
i ' m willing to try . 
one of the 6 month olds favorite toys . 
she 's became quite adept at throwing it across the room as well . 
love this bag ! 
it 's much cuter than the others i have . 
the fabric is wipeable but still fashionable . 
i use this as my purse and diaper bag without any problems . 
i 'd highly recommend . 
i was about to buy the bob warm fuzzy . 
bundleme.the quality of the fabric is outstanding and it is very comfortable . 
it is large ! 
my grandson is 13 months old and in the 90 percentile for height . 
he had plenty of leg room inside . 
he was so comfortable inside that he took a two hours nap ! 
i strongly recommend the jj cole bundleme . 
i got the navy color and it is very beautiful ! 
this latch broke off after 2 months of use ! 
it 's only on with sticky stuff anyway . 
this is a great product that does exactly what it 's supposed to do . 
we like these snack traps a lot 
and we use them multiple times a day . 
so it does n't pinch my son 's fingers . 
what we do n't love   
all in all we are very happy with the cups . 
not annoying but very good tones . 
love it , bought one for my nephew and cousin too ! 
guys , just buy this . 
i have had my monitor for 8 months now and i love it ! ! 
i have had no probelms with it what - so - ever ! 
the best feature is the portable baby unit that attaches to her crib . 
i do n't know what you 'd do without that ! 
so conveinent ! 
which i have done quite a few times !   
it 's also nice if you are entertaining and purhaps , watching a movie . 
i reccomend it to all my friends ! 
these are the best things ever ! 
and they are durable too . 
i gave in and tried them out . 
these are awesome ! 
after that i rinse the diaper and throw it in the pail . 
i end up using the liners a 2nd time 
and it still catches the waste ! 
a life saver for sure ! ! ! 
they are invaluable . 
any help when you get a full and scary diaper is a blessing ! ! 
i now use only dr . 
necessity for pumping when you do nt know if you will have an outlet . 
i switched from my avent pump to medela because of the accessories available . 
i love this stool . 
we moved our son to our guest bed which was a thick mattress . 
the traditional bed rails were too short so he would roll over them . 
these work great . 
that 's a good sign . 
i say get a couple of munchkins and a couple of these 
and you 're set until it 's time to move on . 
it will cost you the same in the end . 
it easy to clean and setting up . 
he loves the crunchy blocks . 
and he starts to smile ! 
that i clip to him or to his carrier 
so we have it with us ! 
no cons to these blocks . 
my almost 7 month old son is outgrowing this toy . 
he would much rather be crawling around on the floor . 
it seems to me that he got bored of the toys on this quickly . 
he has the smartsteps exersaucer at grandma 's and he loves it . 
he can stay in that one for a long time . 
there so much for him to play with . 
i would highly recommend getting that one . 
it 's a bit more but so worth it . 
also , he was n't impressed with the talking circle thingy . 
and it gets in the way of a fast break to the bathroom . 
it is full of foam that stands up to extended use . 
and the pocket for heating cooling pack is so convenient . 
this is the perfect swaddle blanket . 
i recommend this to all new parents 
i ' ve been using thehalo sleepsacksfor years 
so i will do a comparison review to the summer 
infant.warmththe summer infant is significantly lighter weight . 
halo is polyester fleece . 
we ' ve used these for the past two weeks with our newborn . 
they are great . 
one wipe is plenty for most diaper changes for our newborn . 
the bright colors are nice . 
so easy to change the sheets but still looks nice . 
this had a more ... rubbery dog toy consistancy . 
and you have to put the diaper in the diaper bag . 
the colors they come in are really beautiful too . 
they have held up well . 
i would have given them five stars if not for the size issue . 
this is a no frills umbrella stroller that gets the job done ! 
it does n't have a basket to put a diaper bag in 
the wheel locks have worked perfectly and held up . 
they are the perfect height for my wife though . 
my son spent half his energy trying to suck the formula out of them . 
i gave up after a few feedings . 
in my opinion , there are better bottle options out there . 
my daughter had the munchkin duck tub for awhile until it broke . 
well ... she is almost two 
and i was thinking of getting another one or bath mats . 
our tub is very slippery . 
so i found this one and the age limit was past 2years old 
so i thought i would try it out . 
i really think it is a good transition to the tub . 
it is not real deep and she has lots of room 
but it still makes her feel safe and secure . 
it took me 2 months to fully recover . 
so having the cosleeper at my level really helped me . 
these are great cups that lasted us a long time . 
we bought several of these cups and then always had one available . 
the high chairs most of us grew up with were pretty simple creatures . 
sturdy safe   attractive   deep and stable tray   replaceable vinyl cushion .   
very easy to clean !   
-- obviously this is a big one .   
ease of use   
it 's not self - cleaning ? 
oxo set the bar high with this one , and really advanced the highchair . 
definitely worth the money for the joke 
she likes to point to princesses 
and i tell her stories about them as we bathe . 
working out just fine . 
works on car seat and ergo straps . 
i had to put towels under it to absorb all the water . 
really , who wants a tub that leaks ? ? ? ? 
so we are in an awkward transition phase . 
a phase that this tub does n't suitably deal with . 
i would n't buy this tub . 
we no longer use it   18 months   but she did love it . 
stayed in place really well . 
good for plane ride also . 
i just figured that out after i wrote a bad review . 
now i ' m editing it to say   yes 
, it does work 
but it 's too hard . 
i love love love this bib . 
catches everything   well , mostly . 
just wipe it down 
and you are good to go ! 
plan to get another . 
i absolutely love this seat . 
my new little girl loves it and rarely fusses in it . 
the padding for newborns is really substantial and i would imagine very comfy . 
these locks work well   however , my husband had great difficulty installing them . 
they really do . 
i also had trouble with the avent bottles leaking . 
i do n't know -- 
this chair is relly deep with narrow arm sets . 
i ' m 5'8 and even this chair is too deep for me . 
i m long and lean . 
the shermag is much more comfortable and now , we even play in it . 
received this item today to attach to our bouncer swing ... 
baby loves it ! 
he 's too little to understand the mechanics 
but he was batting away at it and holding on to the strawberry . 
i will update when i find out 
this spin station is the perfect size and really holds a lot of necessities . 
it fits great atop a small table i have next to the changing table 
and i can get to everything using one hand . 
not to mention it condenses clutter and makes everything much more organized 
i do not recommend this product to anybody . 
this worked great for the first 10 weeks . 
it kept her warm and snuggly in her bath tub until she outgrew it . 
my older daughter has so many toys 
so i was n't sure what to get my younger daughter . 
i found this and thought it was too adorable . 
but i ' m not sure the dogs will ! 
this cover fit my graco car seats perfectly - soft fabric . 
have yet to put my gestating newborns in it yet 
but i am happy with the purchase . 
sophie the giraffe teether ! ! 
regarding   safe    babies need constant supervision ! ! 
this is a great gate at a reasonable price . 
i just got this changing pad in black and i love it . 
cleans well though , but probably needs to be replaced frequently . 
my granddaughter is autistic and finds having her temperature taken difficult . 
i think they are confusing because they try to tell you too much . 
push the button and wait till the f   or c   is flashing . 
place probe in ear and push button once . 
my husband and i both measured 98.6 in both ears .   
already had one , but ordered another for use with the twins . 
bought these since they are made in the usa . 
very soft . 
definitely worth the investment to be handsfree while you pump . 
the evenflo is definitely more roomy , which i can see that he likes . 
i am especially pleased with the placement of the two crotch strap positions . 
they are perfectly placed -- not too shallow and not too deep . 
we are , by the way , very happy with our two roundabouts . 
we regularly drive two cars . 
i think those are great seats too . 
you just have to see what works for you . 
britax frontier   hugely popular harness - to - booster seat   
most expire at the 5 - 6 year mark . 
the triumph advance in contrast expires at the 8 year mark . 
and so will time spent in a warehouse . 
so i ca nt compare it to anything . 
she can even use it while in the baby carrier on my back . 
i highly recommend ! 
a little on the comical side . 
so we were in need of bibs 
so i ordered these . 
they do the job . 
the portable bassinet and stand were very simple to put together . 
the instructions could have been clearer and 2 . 
the portable bassinet has soft fleece sides and a sturdy bottom . 
the stand has storage compartments underneath . 
the storage compartments are handy for storing diaper supplies . 
i thought maybe i had n't clicked them properly 
what , a month ? 
unsafe , poorly made , and a waste of my money ! 
and we were surprised that she did it on the first try . 
i bought this cup and she loves it ! 
these barely fit him , especially after washing . 
i wish i had gone with a size up . 
i love this stroller but it needs some changes . 
it is very durable and rides well . 
it wipes clean easily and is very sturdy . 
i also do n't like the fact that the bottom seat is not reversible . 
it is cumbersome to get in and out of the car . 
i do n't plan on buying anymore of this . 
i bought it on recommendation . 
my diapers stink and it gives my son a diaper rash . 
i was so excited to purchase this for such a low price . 
i prayed and hoped it would thaw it out 
as you know , this is the reason you do n't use the microwave . 
, i tried recently expressed milk from the refrigerator . 
really cute . 
it looks even prettier in person . 
wipes clean easily and gave my high chair a nice face lift 
this high chair is great ! 
it 's very sturdy and very easy to clean every splatter . 
the fact that the chair can be set low or raised high is fantastic ! 
super easy to put together . 
and it seems to put a lot of pressure on his crotch area . 
weather or not is bothers him 
i ' m not sure but padding would be nice or 
i would recommend this chair for sure . 
i say get it ! 
i got these baskets to wash small parts for my dr . 
brown 's baby bottles and breast pump parts . 
one basket has an extra compartment for bottle nipples which is really handy . 
overall great buy ! 
i ' m so glad we purchased this turtle thermometer . 
and i use it every night when we bath our little one . 
it does the job i bought it for . 
i am just not completely in love with them 
but i would buy them again . 
it also has a magnetic base if you have something magnetic to stick it 
this saves the batteries in the camera , if you are using batteries . 
i really like the night vision feature 
- you do not need some bright night light to get an image . 
great feature . 
the range is fine for my place but the monitored room is close . 
i have not run any long range tests . 
i have also not been experiencing loss of signal problems.i recommend this unit . 
a lot of thought went into it . 
this is a good item for my diaper bag and a great size ! 
so i started looking at other alternatives . 
and the songs are very sweet and for once , not all instrumental ! 
that was a major mistake   
the storybook projector is much , much better even though it is not transportable . 
i usually really like sassy products . 
but i wanted one now ! . 
first the pros the colors are great like all sassy products . 
so it 's not very portable .- the seat was very hard to turn . 
my baby could n't turn it on his own . 
my baby did n't like the toys 
so i had to attach some other ones .- the butterfly shape of the tray 
makes it hard to add toys . 
but it did n't bounce at all . 
the spring seems very stiff . 
i even tried bouncing it for him and almost nothing happened . 
this was final thing that made me want to return this product . 
these blankets are so much better than the typical flannel receiving blanket . 
the first one cracked in luggage on a trip . 
she threw it down from the high chair , and it cracked again . 
i thought these plates are supposed to be durable . 
i would n't waster my money again with this . 
they are great ... truly a must have ! 
it 's really pretty straight forward . 
not happy about that . 
babies kick . 
to fisher price , i 'd advise maybe suspending the motor further under the seat 
so it 's not hard enough to inflict injury . 
, you know , shanking my baby . 
this is easy to install and very easy to use . 
or to use for snacks in the diaper bag . 
these bottles would be okay , if they did n't leak . 
i like the wide mouth for mixing formula and the wider nipple . 
that 's just plain silly . 
anyway.a few positives were noting ... 
brown   level 2 - 3   nipples with the born free bottles instead . 
i pulled one of these out to use today while i did 
a   deep - clean   of my born free bottles . 
i tossed the rest of them in the garbage . 
overall we have been satisfied with this baby monitor . 
the advertised features worked well.there are a few issues to consider though . 
i would like a bigger screen than 2.4 , but it is adequate . 
with my other 2 we owned vibrating chairs , bouncers and swings . 
none of them they ever liked . 
i love that this has no batteries , is extremely light weight 
so i can easily move it and it folds up really easily 
so i ' ve taken it to family member 's houses . 
the hammock design just makes it really comfy for baby to sleep in . 
i saw someone gave it a bad review because it causes flat heads ? 
hold your baby ! 
i make sure she 's not in this all hours of the day . 
wish i had it with my other 2 
worked awesome with the winnie the pooh cradle cap soap ! 
just 3 days and my 4 mo old cradle cap is 100 gone ! 
i do not know why , but our baby loves this . 
out of all the toys our baby goes for this one every time . 
in love with this bag ! 
i can not say enough positive things about this bag ! 
love that i can carry as a back pack while wearing baby on chest ! 
love the material - rain snow resistant ! 
we ended up returning the diaper once we saw the design . 
did n't like that there was n't a flap that covered the pocket opening . 
i ' ve been using this wet bag for several months now . 
i love the monster mash pattern . 
the pul remains in good condition and i do dry it in the dryer . 
it could stand to be a little larger in size . 
i can not recommend this product enough . 
this product is a lifesaver ! ! 
it 's simple to clean and non absorbent . 
thus ... if an accident happens its easy to clean and move on . 
seriously .... buy this thing as it is well worth the    . 
it is a great case but some of the items are pretty cheaply made . 
the purpose is a great idea though , plenty of space for bandages . 
too soft to clean . 
it 's too thick to hold the correct amount of dampness . 
but it 's too thick to do any cleaning on my babies . 
it 's also really soft . 
so once wet ... 
it 's really just a wet mess ! 
purchased this for my teething grandson . 
it is good to chew on but it way too long for an infant . 
this diaper bag holds so many items and has plenty of pockets . 
i also love the fact that it looks like a purse . 
hands down you will not be disappointed with this diaper bag . 
we use this with our chicco car seat and works as expected . 
no issues . 
great purchase . would purchase again . 
easy to install . 
cloth diapering with these has really been a great experience thus far . 
my son really likes these nipples . 
the wide are great for breastfeeding moms . 
it is a mirror , it does the job . 
pros   the light , the remote . 
the music   
but i had a horrible traveling experience and decided i needed it . 
so i do n't have to carry bulky blankets . 
it 's been just wonderful . 
washes and dries easily . 
i never thought i 'd say this 
but i love the cover . 
honestly i thought i 'd be returning it 
but i love it now . 
it has already paid off for me . 
i ' m so glad i bought these . 
i love these . 
currently it just cuts off abrubtly which sometimes wakes my little one . 
these were much more comfortable    could barely be seen through my shirt ... 
they look much more natural . 
the foam inserts soak up a ton of milk ! 
the only negative was because i am dealing with overactive letdown ... 
i read that shells of any kind may increase the problem . 
i had a minor issue with these sticking to me 
but i cut a little scrap of flannel to lay on it , 
that helped . 
it 's ok .... 
this does n't really hold my child 's interest . 
i really like this rinser 
i the bottle -- love that feature . 
you 'd have to use both hands to operate this . 
this is very well made . 
the red is very dark and rich . 
the wheels , build , handles , basket ... all very well made . 
it folds up easily . 
it is taller than most strollers but in a good way . 
i would definitely recommend for an everyday stroller . 
my eight month old daughter loves this jumper ! 
she takes better and longer naps after she plays with her jumperoo . 
i wish i would have bought this months ago ! 
plenty of cushioning in the blanket itself . 
only con - the blanket is a bit smaller than i expected . 
if this were bigger , i would highly recommend . 
i do n't know why they do n't use velcro instead of those tighteners . 
they come loose when trying to get it on ! 
that 's on the way . 
can not believe i did n't get one of these sooner ! 
i ' ve owned . 
i love this monitor . 
this blanket works great for us ! 
only use it on heartbeat mode but he also likes the nature sounds ! 
thou the resolution image can be quite unstable and terrible at times . 
are acceptable.overall , a fairly effective baby monitor 
positive points      
i like that the belt is attatched . 
the covering should be more water resistant . 
this was really easy to put together , even at 8 months pregnant . 
i have tried a few different carriers . 
this is my fav ! 
my daughter is 3 mo and 14 pounds . 
i am still using this in the newborn position . 
to be honest , when she was smaller , i preferred my moby wrap . 
i use this all the time now . 
grocery shopping , vacuuming , dusting , etc . 
it does n't hurt my back , neck or shoulders . 
i am 5 ft 4 122 pounds . 
fits me great . 
more tape is needed if you are using it for child proofing . 
i like that this blankie is fabulously soft - even after washing numerous times . 
this.i like that this is small . 
i first became aware of this product years ago when acting as a nanny . 
one seems longer and thinner . 
someone recommended this one to me and it worked on the first try ! 
these have been great so far ! 
i have had no problems with leaking . 
they are , however , very big ! 
i have to use a different brand if i ' 
m wearing a shirt with any kind of scoop neck . 
highly recommend these bumpkin bibs . 
waterproof material ! 
easy to rinse clean after feeding or can put in wash and hang dry . 
we have the cloth ones   
so many stains now 
it 's ugly ! and stain spraying after is a pain . 
also they 're so big and bulky that they 're harder to store . 
the bumkins did a good job designing these , and i love them . 
i absolutely love this pillow ! ! 
i love these aden    anais burpy bibs . 
i think we have like 15 of them . 
i give them as gifts . 
they are soft , a generous size and very cute . 
the baby likes looking at the patterns on the bibs . 
usually i let my wife review these kinda things ... 
but i took it upon myself to write this review ! 
whenever i do the dishes i look for this sucker ! 
yes , i know ... 
shame of me for not knowing this before ! 
but like i said , i rarely do dishes    so 
i used to pack up the whole formula 
i expect they 'd hold up to four or five . 
only complaint about this is that you can not choose the colors . 
i got two pink and purple ones , and i have two boys . 
and they 're a definite win to me . 
and then we know they 're full . 
and we get many bursts of squirting 
also much larger than led to believe and useful during winter months only . 
my son was too warm wearing this at night . 
we were n't that impressed . 
yes , the sheep is cute and it appears to be well made . 
however , the sound effects were lacking . 
it creeped me out . 
i tried this sheep for two weeks 
but my son still does n't like it . 
it works much better . 
plus , no batteries are required for the ipod . 
i think this is more for parents who just want to buy something cute . 
we have not had a severe leak yet 
so i can not speak to that yet . 
but minor leaks and spit up it does great . 
would definitely recommend this one ! 
kids are always dropping things , we know this . 
it was great for toys as well as a pacifier . 
love it ! ! ! 
and my baby too ! 
your newborn especially does n't need any of that . 
i bought this item for our cruz when my son was 2 months old . 
i bought this after we saw it at one of our relatives . 
the motor can make some noticeable noise when it 's perfectly silent in the house 
but i can live with that 
setting the swing and music to different levels is a definite plus . 
i have 8 month old twins that love this toothbrush . 
i ' ve read reviews saying that it is too big or too small .. 
definitely recommend this product though , as my twins love it . 
the large flexible nipple is more like the real thing than most bottle nipples . 
it did reducing his gas and fussiness . 
we love these ! 
soft on both sides , though softer on one . 
clean up baby butts very well ! 
we have even bought them as baby shower gifts for a couple friends . 
highly recommend ! 
my baby and i really like these pacifiers . 
at about 5 months , my baby started to chew it . 
no signs of wear and tear . 
i wonder if they were just defective . 
i use this for baby food . 
you can not get the food out unless you thaw it a little first . 
i tried peeling back the silicone and actually put a little hole in it . 
the receivers can hear everything clearly too . 
nice quality , strong enough to hold heave bags . 
i use it with my britax stroller and is a must have . 
the tower . 
the gate is gone , and all of us are so much happier . 
my biggest regret is how long i waited to get this . 
i should have had this on the baby registry.edit   since this is wood 
now i need a six rating . 
my toddler just cleaned my coffee grinder with dish soap ! 
we tried these for 2 kids . 
with our first , she never really cared for it . 
and to me , it was n't worth the effort of cleaning the mess . 
i ran them in the diswasher sometimes , but they were always discolored . 
after seeing this on amazon , we figured it was worth a try . 
it is working out perfectly . 
the led light is a nice touch . 
perfect to check up on her in the middle of the night . 
pros   no artificial coloring or flavoring . 
why must we americans put that stuff in everything???cons   difficult to dose . 
measurements markings will not rub off . 
tight seal . 
stack nicely with or without the tray . 
have n't stained or cracked . 
lids come apart go together easily . 
easy to clean by hand or dishwasher   see below . 
room on lids of both sizes for a dr . 
this happened at daycare   
we only heat on 1 2 power at home . 
i recommend doing this often anyway .my 
the other monitor gave a poor picture and lots of static ... 
they even covered shipping of old and new unit . 
an excellent brand ! 
these are better quality than the same brand from target . 
and i was able to do a direct comparison . 
no interference with wifi networks and cell phones   
there is no cross - talk with the neighbor 's baby monitor either.3 . 
good range   
i have achieved about 3 hours of battery life with the monitor continuously on . 
simple setup   plug it in and turn it on . 
you do n't have to be a rocket scientist.6 . 
night vision   does n't light up the room and is surprisingly good . 
no 2-way communication   my wife 
and i like the 2-way communication feature on thephilips 
do n't plan on carrying this around the house too much . 
apart from that , we are quite satisfied . 
... or so my older friends tell me . 
, we bought a second one for our downstairs changing table .   
they may be more expensive but 
they last ten times longer . 
her derriere would be described as petite though since she is slender . 
btw , did i mention that both mom and daughter love these panties ? 
this diaper changing kit is excellent for when you 're on the go . 
there are pockets to hold the necessities in . 
this gives you a nice clean surface no matter where you are . 
plus it folds nicely for carrying . 
you can not wrap a baby doll in it . 
it 's not for wrapping newborns . 
it 's so small , i do not know what it is good for . 
maybe a lap cloth . 
finally this was the last one to try before buying more . 
it was like magic ! 
he drank from these and nothing was wrong . 
they are n't the cheapest 
but hey , you get what you pay for , 
bottle fed and so that my bag was n't soaked from it leaking ! 
i highly recommend these to all new moms who are having the same problem . 
the only other bottle 
i ' ve heard does just as well is the dr . 
with born free 
i plan on these being the first bottle we try with our next . 
i wanted it and i knew it was overpriced 
but i got it anyway . 
it 's fine and it matches all the other stuff i have 
so i am happy with it - 
but i just do n't get why they can charge so much for it ! 
it looks pretty cheap but is nice it matches . 
regardless , it 's very cute and i ' m glad i got it . 
these buggy hooks work great and i like them more than the mommy hook . 
i highly recommend ! 
they are safe . 
they are soft . 
development.the 3 outstanding negatives to me are these ... 
the thing is huge and heavy . 
quite frankly , the click is n't that loud . 
these are very cushy and the head supports actually support a childs ' head . 
no more dangling necks in the back seat.height . 
it adjusts quite simply with a turn dial , which is awesome.no movement . 
these truly stay in place , even without the tether strap . 
if your main concern is safety , it is also a good investment . 
it 's really too big to use for swaddling 0 - 3 months 
and it 's a lot thicker than our other swaddling blankets 
so it does n't stay as tight . 
this is my favorite britax accessory ! 
very easy to install and secure once in place . 
i like the color and pattern of the dark grey stripe . 
she seemed to prefer being carried in my other carrier with the newborn insert . 
ebf , so not very solid . 
i was just given this for my baby shower . 
i did not have this on my list . 
music sound has 3 levels of volume . 
i think it is by far the best accessory gifted ever ! 
it should be good even with toddlers . 
it 's a keeper . 
they are effective if you want to reduce your usage of plastic baggies . 
i like how they are zipper and not velcro . 
these are really not practical . 
... fabric . 
so it can stain . 
making your cute bag not - so - cute anymore . 
not huge deals , but worth mentioning . 
your kids probably will not 
much more practical for busy moms   and dads ! 
i was very excited to be able to try out this car seat . 
i really like the soft lining in the seat . 
it is very comfortable for my 5 month old . 
i really like the adjustable seat padding . 
you can take it out or leave it in , whatever you decide . 
.this seat will definitely last a long time . 
the age range is a year longer than other brands . 
my 5 month old loves it and so do i ! 
our kids are really enjoying these bath toys . 
this blanket is seriously adorable and very soft and cozy . 
it 's very cute . 
yeah not a great buy 
love bumgenius ! 
easy to use and maintain 
too late to return and do n't feel safe having my daughter use them . 
anything that smells that way can not be good . 
the nose knows . 
made in china , and you can smell it ! 
this is a great highchair for what it 's worth . 
i love how it can grow with my child and its easy to clean . 
however there are a couple things i did n't like . 
i also do n't like the straps . 
lots of things get lost in the seat during meal time ! 
this is so great for making homemade baby foods . 
also perfect for feeding fresh foods to baby instead of store bought jars . 
coming from a pack and play , this mattress is wonderful . 
the baby is sleeping much better these days ! 
by the time we set it up , the fumes were gone . 
i too noticed no mention of soybean on the packaging . 
rather , i saw mention of polyurethane . 
the mattress is light , and easy to maneuver . 
it fits perfectly in our graco crib . 
we love it ! 
they were none of those things . 
my girl loves them . 
aside from the ' cool , a ball ! ' 
these are fun . 
i keep a few of these in the fridge at all times . 
so i figured i would mention that extreme heat is a no no for these 
.. started off colicky and then acid reflux .. 
that s a first ! 
love that these are made in the usa . 
the inserts that prevent gas are   cumbersome   but do the job . 
suggest purchasing caps for bottle instead of using plastic plug . 
extra steps and that plastic plug too easy to lose . 
i bought this when my son was about 4 months old . 
his legs stick out the sides and bends down in a natural position . 
it does take some practice to get it on right 
but i still need help sometimes . 
it 's pretty comfortable to wear . 
sometimes this is the only thing that gets him to nap . 
i guess it 's something about feeling snuggled from all sides ? 
so i do n't do this much . 
i would recommend this for anyone who wants to carry around a sleeping baby . 
the mattress top is quilted , but not super fluffy . 
the fact that it 's a beige color might be contributing to that look . 
there is no irritation to babies sensitive skin and the smell is just lovely . 
everyone comments on how great these wipes are . 
i read the reviews and still thought it might be okay . 
i was wrong .   
1 - save your money 
2 - the blades rip off super easy . 
when i say super easy 
i mean it ! 
these blades ripped off from just regular use . 
i ' m typically pretty easy going on stuff 
but these were not worth it , so much 
so i threw them away in the park . 
this saved our daughter from the stress of everything done to her . 
wubbanubs are the best invention ever ! 
i love the cute little red botton on it ! 
our 4 month old   almost 4 months   loves his new jumperoo . 
i would still highly recommend this product to all parents or grandparents . 
the elite is much bigger and easier to put the diapers in . 
i am very satisfied with the product . 
used right when my babe turned 3 months in the lowest recline . 
well built and sturdy . 
easy to manoeuvre , even with one hand . 
super comfy and cozy . also purchased uppababy footmuff . 
when we cloth diapered our first child , marvel diaper covers were n't available . 
i used thirsties . 
, my daughter has not leaked out of it once . 
no pee leaked out at all ! 
these marvel covers are amazing ! 
do yourself a favor and try them out 
- they are by far the best cover on the market . 
this sling is great . 
i struggled with getting it just right at first . 
i do not consider this a hands free baby carrier . 
you really need to keep one hand on the baby . 
i was so psyched to use it that i did n't wash it first . 
this was a mistake . 
wash this thing in dreft or another baby friendly detergent first . 
she 's a chunky little thing , and the carrier works great for her . 
a squirmy baby book sack . 
i ' m 5'3   and its manageable . 
i wish it had come out a year ago ! 
when the clock came i was surprised how thin and cheap it was . 
the hands on the clock blend in so well with the background 
i tried painting the hands 
and you still can not see them . 
it 's a pretty design 
but i am going to buy a different one , this one is useless . 
i guess you get what you pay for ! 
the night vision is great . 
i love this stroller . 
it is super light . 
the back basket was so easy to get to . 
this was a great buy and worth it for our trip . 
i love that the padding is removable for washing or for hot days . 
accommodates variety of baby feeding equipment , glass too . 
easy to use    clean . 
i recommend this over the couple of rotating ones we tried . 
our baby loves the crib as do we . 
we look forward to many years . 
it is beautiful . 
also bought the emily changing table . 
very good quality and matches other dark walnut wood furniture too . 
we love the look . 
the bouncer is cozy and it   8217 s easy to bounce . 
the hanging toys are fun for the baby to play with . 
the seat pad is machine washable , which is nice to keep it clean . 
8217 s a good bouncer and i would recommend it . 
great pump accessory . 
i use this all the time 
and it 's a life saver ! 
great memory book ! 
it is so detailed and durable ... 
it will surely last a lifetime . 
and the price is great . 
they 're easy to use and very convenient to throw in a bag . 
i have n't washed it yet , but the fabric seems to repel dirt . 
i have this diaper bag is cream links and i absolutely love it ! 
was i wrong ! 
i really love that it has large pockets inside and outside . 
the changing pad in on the back of the bag on the outside . 
i even use that space to stuff something in ! 
it is a wonderful bag , well worth the money . 
when i do carry it , it is stylish . 
all in all , i recommend this bag to moms . 
i read everyone 's reviews before purchasing this for my then 5 month old grandaughter- 
she loves them . 
her fifteen month old friend loves them . 
he likes putting them one inside another   total two- 
not the whole stack   and also arranging them   15-month old version . 
very pleased . 
i have to say that i absolutely love this pillow though ! 
this pillow is so much more comfortable than my boppy for several reasons . 
it really does make nursing much easier , more comfortable and more convenient . 
this mirror does exactly what it says it will . 
installation was easy . 
the mirror seems nice and secure . 
it makes seeing baby via rearview mirror while driving possible . 
it is definitely a stress reliever . 
much improved from similar products i tried with my older kids . 
we got this for our 9 month old . 
it comes with basic ocean water sounds or a couple different soft melodies . 
we prefer the ocean water sounds ... helps put baby to sleep comfortably . 
he is soft everywhere , but the plastic shell on his back . 
i would recommend to friends and plan on getting these as shower gifts . 
it was nearly   15 more at a local baby store . 
this way he will not fall all the way every time he stumbles.4 . 
this harness can adjust to go over multiple layers of clothes . 
regular washcloths are just a bit too large and coarse for a little baby . 
i would n't want something thicker . 
one side is rougher than the other and works well for rubbing off food . 
for ten dollars , this was a good purchase . 
we use these wash cloths daily . 
bought his for my 6 month daughter . 
she loves it . 
she chews on the head and legs . 
she holds on to it better than all her other toys as well . 
i have found that these bottles save me time every day . 
i would recommend these to any mom . 
i purchased this to use to rock my newborn baby . 
it was easy to put together and looks nice in my living room . 
it 's priced a lot better than the gliders in any baby store also . 
i love this glider and would highly recommend it . 
the extra blanket that swaddles baby inside is a huge plus ! 
the double zipper makes unstrapping and strapping in baby a breeze ! 
.aside from that , these are good bibs for feeding solids . 
these are very stain resistant , dry super fast and are a generous size . 
so for bottle feeding i use a cloth bib . 
very happy with them ! 
perhaps it 's hit or miss ? 
these are cute , soft and huge . 
it fits his crib mattress perfectly . 
so i approve . 
a really great purchase ! 
if you are looking to decorate in dr . 
seuss theme , i definitely recommend this shade , it is super super cute ! 
we use natursutten and ecopacifers and i love natural rubber products . 
so i thought this would be great - so he is not destroying them ! 
i see people did mention there were lots of textures 
my little guy just turned one .   
there are much better teethers out there in my opinion and for less money ! 
this item is great for teething . 
my 5 month old loves the bristles and texture . 
it is larger than i expected . 
about the size of the palm of my adult hand . 
i think that paci 's are more of a personal preference per baby though . 
no problems with smell or leaking . 
easy to wash and dries really fast . 
it fits perfectly on my short pail . 
however , the suction part of the toy is not very strong . 
it 's nice that it 's adjustable . 
literally took my under 5 minutes to unpack and set up . 
no complaints ! 
i gave it 4 stars because i do have a few cons about it . 
i would totally recommend this stroller ! 
good quality and great price . 
these fit those slightly smaller bottle just fine without fear of them falling off . 
i do love these glasses . 
my baby boy looks so cute in them . 
i bought them for him when he as 4 months old . 
he wore them without a problem at first . 
great color ! 
this was the lightest stroller i found , 11lbs . 
these flip locks stop it from budging at all , utterly    completely . 
i ' ve only had it for a month 
i ordered this shade based upon other reviews . 
it fits the length of my window but not the depth . 
it went on easy based upon the previous instructions of another ! 
this product is great and keeps my son busy for about 30 minutes . 
i have also noticed that the adjusters for the height tend to slip sometimes . 
when we first got it my son was 4 months 
this is filled with beans or something ... which is weird for lamaze . 
it 's also pretty big ... 
he 's not interested in it like the other lamaze products . 
these are modestly priced and work well . 
i made my own   inserts   and these covers work great . 
think it 's an insert prob there . 
they was easy and dry fast in the del knit cycle . 
ordeed two and just ordered my 3rd ! 
it is soft to lie on and fun to look at . 
love the pattern.quick advice   buy 2 pad covers . 
you will need it ! 
it looks weird and insignificant ... but my daughter loves it ! ! 
she can grab it easily and loves to suck and chew on it ! ! 
she will not take a pacifier , but will suck on this ! ! 
i ' m going to buy another one ! ! 
honestly i do not know what i would do without these . 
my son is 6 months old and constantly rubs his face while he sleeps . 
the blankets are really soft and warm . 
also they unzip from both ends for easy diaper changes . 
they are worth the money . 
this is a must have product for the parent with 2 young children . 
in the past my husband 
has been a lifesaver . 
installation is very easy and it looks well made . 
in fact we used it at his first birthday party - 
even after the smash cake , the chair cleaned up easily . 
i also like the material of these luvable friends sheets . 
those were really a disappointment and a waste of money . 
there are other aspects of the products construction that could be better thought out . 
they work great ! 
i tried to use some other headphones and it was a pain . 
these are a little pricey . 
my mom got these for my four month old daughter for christmas . 
they make great travel toys.3 . 
good pricecons 1 . 
the teether is not very soft.2 . 
the cupcake is very heavy ! 
not so . 
also the hanging - toy bar moves along with motion of swing 
and it   's fully adjustable and detachable . 
so the fifth star of rating missing only due to no music . 
i like these toy rings .. 
it also likes to chew it 
so it makes a good teether 
what else to say , the tubing works as advertised . 
pretty expensive for set of plastic tubes , but a must have purchase . 
tried all different types .. 
baby can see you clearly as well ! 
she is 6 months old . 
one   which we use most of the time . 
it is also probably not as warm as the halo innovations one . 
i usually wash the diapers every couple days 
glad i got it . 
i absolutely love these wipes . 
i thought maybe i would just use washcloths 
but they 're really too big . 
so i bought these and i love them . 
they 're like little soft wash cloths . 
they 're first to go into the laundry when we run out . 
i went to buy more and the price had gone up by   
what 's up with that ? . 
i bought some charlie banana flannel wipes and i hate them . 
great product ! ! ! ! 
not just a cheap casing bottle brush- does n't slip   rubbery texture 
i figured , they 're stuffed animals . 
they can not really do much damage if they fall . 
if the hooks fall out , i 'll consider using the anchors . 
so far , the net is filled to the brim with stuffed animals . 
i do n't think i could pile it much higher . 
both have been stuffed to the max and are still going strong . 
proscompletely customizable with no buckles   yes ! 
i just want something i can clip or tie 
and it 's not getting all over the street floor . 
i can not count how many times i ' ve used my ergo . 
at least once a day since we bought it . 
i wish i had two 
so i could keep one in the car . 
my son is now 17-months 
he 's got 6 teeth 
the music sounds are nice . 
some of the sounds are harsh , but babies often like that 
i love using snappis to hold cloth diapers in place . 
so they might not be for everyone . 
but personally , i love them . 
just seeing the bunny come out begins to calm her down . 
the little reusable ice cube easily stores in the freezer ready to soothe . 
i ca nt wait for my baby to use this ! 
its so colorful and has a lot of neat toys 
wish i 'd found this a lot sooner . 
there is a lot going on with this little toy . 
he loves it and so do i. 
my son loves this gym ! 
the lights and music keep his attention and the mat is super soft . 
he seems to really like the colors and the toys . 
it is a simple furniture to put together and it works great . 
the one by eddie bauer is much nicer , worth the money . 
memory books are great for years to come . 
helps us track our milestones and capture great memories along the way . 
nice book with good layout . 
best product i ever bought for my children . 
he did not like to lay flat ever . 
this allowed me to put him on his back and be tilted . 
its light and folds so its easy to move from room to room . 
my second child thankfully did not have colic but this worked great b c 
he always wanted me in his sight so i could move this around 
and it kept him off the floor and away from his big brother . 
use this every day in the mother 's room at work ! 
love it and recommend to all my nursing mom friends . 
can not live without it . 
would not recommend . 
it 's true ! 
i 'll be ordering more . 
or for his stroller . 
we have had no trouble with the straps twisting like the other one . 
i am seriously considering switching the two . 
it keeps my lo out of the toilet . 
bought these to store and freeze my homemade baby food . 
they work great and stack well in the freezer . 
i think the freezer trays will better suite my needs . 
the trays are less expensive and easier to use . 
wish i had n't wasted my money on these . 
a great value with 36 plugs too , ca nt beat that ! 
i ordered this base to go along with my grandson 's infant car seat . 
now he can ride easily with me . 
be sure to have the installation checked out by your local police officer . 
i bought these for my 4 month old son . 
he loves them . 
i love that they can be washed in the dishwasher . 
they are flexible and have some textures for baby to gnaw on . 
it 's nice , it is . 
i do n't like this version of bassinet . 
2 metal rods that click into the inner edge - it feels very wobbly . 
i have a more expensive one that the bssinet feels more sturdy - 
oh and the mattress pad thing 
it comes with ? - horrible ! 
it wants to fold up rather than lay flat . 
it 's def . 
not as nice as the other one we got .   
this one is at nana 's    pop pop 's .the 
changing table is totally not worth it . 
wish it came with a newborn napper instead . 
my 5 month old totally ripped 1 off.the sound thing ? 
we use white noise   
dr harvey karp ... 
serious white noise 
- this thing is nothing compared to what we use . 
at first my daughter hated this . 
she would scream and cry every time i put her in it . 
now at 3 months she loves it . 
the toy is much more attractive than the pictures make it look . 
it has nice colors and the fabric on the head support is super soft . 
for the price the quality is excellent . 
it is not as hands free as its made out to be . 
the material is a stretchy slinky type material . 
it can be pulled very tight or kept loose . 
if its too tight , its uncomfortable for you and the baby . 
i tried to do some things around my yard too 
but we both ended up very sweaty . 
my expectations were much higher than the outcome . 
it helps a little   
so i stopped using it . 
but i think he has to have his mouth closed for it to work . 
nice container to see the drainage . was fairly easy to clean up . 
this cup is sturdy and has a nice design . 
i just covered the vent when i shook 
and it was fine . 
the take and toss cups leak a tiny bit also . 
i use this at home but do n't use it when we go out . 
i bought the wrong one . 
i was supposed to get the stainless steel one . 
therefore , this is a wrong purchase . 
we tried every teether on the market to no avail . 
i purchased this and it worked ! 
it was much softer than other teethers and he could actually hold it . 
worked great and was a good size . 
it is a very durable product . 
i could n't be any happier with this car seat . 
we bought this as a second car seat to put in my husbands car . 
i am starting to prefer the safety 1st seat over the maxi cosi ! 
it is an excellent seat at an excellent price . 
outstanding safety crash test reviews too . 
great sippy cups , and a favorite in this family ! 
we are loving this . 
we smash up avocado , banana , and other soft foods . 
he is loving this . 
we can smash it as thin or thick as we would like . 
the sticky tape is not durable at all . 
this diaper depot is a life saver . 
everthing fits in it great . 
this has been great . 
zipper runs a bit high 
so i like knowing there is room for her to get taller . 
easy to setup in the car seat   a britax b - safe . 
it can get pretty warm , too warm . 
good rattle , my baby became interested in rattles after 6 months . 
she likes this one , it 's light , colorful and cute . 
we just received this for our adoption shower . 
i did n't know there were actual constellations 
but once you do , you can start to pick them out . 
beyond that detail though is the sheer coverage that the turtle shell produces . 
so it can easily become a favorite stuffed animal as well . 
i ' m so glad i purchased this- a must - buy for parents ! 
i love the color - unisex and the quality is second to none . 
for the spring summer i will definitely need to purchase a lighter weight sleepsack . 
but for the winter months this one really does the job . 
it is very thick and works great . 
it was starting to rip at the corners from over 2 years of use 
so i wanted an extra . 
this one is decent . 
i ordered this for some diaper dirty laundry storage for a baby 's room . 
it was easy to put together and all pieces fit just fine . 
for my purposes it holds everything we need 
and i like that the drawers are easy to remove . 
smaller than expected but baby 4 month old likes it . 
she chews on both sides . 
material seems quality . 
made in china . 
would definitely not buy again . 
the only reason i gave it 2 stars is for the cute design . 
my kid used these for almost 2 years . 
they were perfect to keep her warm . 
that lasted until she learned how to use zippers 
i use to constantly get up and to put blanket on him . 
this wearable blanket is an answer to my problem . 
he has been using it for 2 month . 
with the constant wear wash product as good as new so far . 
with this being right next to him , he can get a drink himself . 
and leakproof , yes , 100   leakproof ! 
i would buy these again . 
2nd favorites are the planet wise covers . 
we use them over a snappied prefold . 
great idea . does nt work on plugs that are bulky and go sideways . 
but will work for most plugs even some large ones . 
would be better if they had the wires group together out the side . 
i saw a more expensive version of this that did that . 
like i said , once it is all put together , it looks great . 
i think its way to good of a product to want to lose ! 
i hav n't had any leak issues with the containers either . 
all of ours that i have found so far only have one 
so we have most of the outlets in the bulk package . 
other than that we are very happy with this purchase . 
i really love that these product are made out of organic cotton . 
it 's really cute but much bigger and thicker than i had expected . 
it 's hard for my 5-month old to get a good grasp ... 
maybe in a couple of months it will be easier for her . 
i love this whole storage system by jj cole . 
only downside , but i still give it 5 stars ! ! 
he learned what it was for right away . 
my baby girl just loves looking at herself in this mirror . 
she can just smile at herself the whole time we drive around town ! 
excellent purchase . would definitely recommend . 
cute and well made . 
i assumed it would be flimsy and dangerous for my baby 
so i never even considered buying one of these before . 
but after trying one at my friends house , i was a believer ! 
i bought one for my son the next day . 
it attaches to any solid surface   
i love these sheets for our pack and play . 
they 're very soft and wash nicely . 
i ' ve had this swing for 6 months and it still works well . 
it is snuggly and 
i like that it has 2 positions . 
another great this is that it plugs in if you 
want!some things i dislike is that the mobile is very bland . 
unsurprisingly , my infant son does n't care for the mobile at all . 
babies are known to love mirrors . 
the ocean wonders does.in summation    
sorry for running on . 
he does n't seem to be very crazy about it . 
it 's little too big for him 
right now   he is 4 months old . 
maybe that will get better as he gets little older ... 
both of them love it . 
i really like this stroller , but i feel like for   ...   
there 's some features that really need improvement . 
its got some great features - 
absolutely love the reverse handle . 
love having baby face me . 
love the colors and look . 
weight is good . 
i ' ve lifted it one handed out of my trunk . 
opens one handed easily . 
fits just fine in my car trunk   
i have a nissan   and folded away in my hall closet . 
its a two hand fold . 
and then you can use to hands to collapse it.steering 
is frustrating at times . 
i do n't think it navitages well when turning around or making close turns . 
you have to kick the wheels back straight . 
for starters , it was a pain to keep carrying around . 
that was the end of the timer . 
i have three different brands of pacis for my newborn son . 
i like the nipple shape on the nuk also . 
we have n't had this problem with the other pacis with handles . 
i put the tray away . 
this thing holds a lot of stuff 
i like that in the center area wich is designed for the brush 
i love the design since it can hold a lot of stuff 
but i ' m glad i ordered , this one is a keeper 
and i ' m not buying more drying racks . 
you can not go wrong with this one . 
i had high hopes for this pillow . 
i can not stand the flimsy clip on belt . 
design fail ... 
do you see the kid on the box ? 
very disappointed ! 
does the job and looks ok . 
ultimately she liked the ones with the angled nipple . 
these are just okay . 
the door much , but they do stay in place , ever so precariously . 
they are cute 
i got this book for my little grandaughter . 
she loves it . 
she loves to put things in her mouth , so the teether is good . 
i highly recommend it . 
just skip it and you warm towels . 
no more gross bibs . 
it reads   
hot   if the water is even tepid . 
it is a great bath toy , though . 
we originally had the infant brush and graduated to this brush . 
the transition from this brush to a bristle toothbrush has gone very smoothly . 
i would recommend this brush to anyone . 
product is super cute . 
the banana can be unpeeled because of velcro . 
orange , also with velcro , can be split in two . 
the shopping bag is sturdy . 
the packaging was seriously impossible . 
the fruit vegetables were attached together and also to the shopping bag . 
it took me at least 10 minutes to separate all of the fruit vegetables . 
it was totally unnecessary to package it like this . 
i picked this up for my son last night at target for   19.99 . 
i was astonished . 
i knew we had to have it . 
much nicer than the seahorse . 
and he loves it . 
and she smiled at it and was calm for the entire 20 minute cycle , 
so i would say it 's a hit with her as well!i 
and this is by far the best one of them all ! 
i 'd like to see these widely available ! 
i realize this is not a   1000 crib 
so i ' m not expecting the best finish or the most durable wood . 
it 's great for the price though . 
the way the screws fit together makes it time consuming to construct . 
took us about an hour or so . 
other than that , it looks really nice and was very good price !    
new entry    one year later 
, baby is teething and crib is getting all chewed up . 
i did n't realize that was an option when i bought the crib 
so i thought i 'd tell you other new parents out there ! 
it 'll be an extra   50 on amazon 
but it 's worth it if you want to keep the crib looking nice ! 
worth keeping around to see if it works better with her . 
looks just like described . 
but my baby do n't like it . 
it 's too big for his mouth . 
he is 5 month old . 
we had to get rid of the one we had before . 
i bought this after other reviews said they hated that it did n't recline . 
it 's perfect . 
little one can sit upright without sliding down . 
we keep it in the trunk and use it a lot , including vacation . 
very sturdy for a light stroller . 
so i do n't blame her lol . 
he did not use his feet to play music . 
maybe he will do that when he is older . 
it 's not hideously ugly like some other drying racks . 
if you are debating between the grass rack and this one get this one ! 
omg i am in love with this seat . 
my daughter fits in it perfect and she enjoyed it as well . 
super easy to install , no drilling holes required ! 
my cats had no clue what to do at first   p 
i ' m not sure how long it will last 
but it already looks tatty . 
excellent car charger for my medela pump in style advanced ! ! 
this tray snaps on and off in literally 2 seconds . 
you can leave it on to fold the stroller if you want . 
i recommend this tray . 
this fits the regular rectangle pack n play , not a square one . 
i purchased these to use over kissaluvs and they have worked well . 
we have had   blow outs   with disposables . 
either way it looks a bit uncomfortable sometimes . 
overall , we are very happy with them ! 
i do let her take naps in it while being supervised 
and she loves it . 
must have for all new moms . 
also , it does not hold its shape at all . 
do n't waste your money on this ! 
he is now almost 5 months and we still use these as a bibwhen 
we feed him a bottle . 
he burps on his own and the wide bib catchesall his spit up 
this is a great alternative to the usual hard rattles out there . 
also the back of the rattle is a pretty purple color so visually stimulating . 
he also makes a crinkling sound when she grabs him . 
not sure why the description says panda when he is clearly a zebra lol ! 
got this for my then 7 month old daughter 
and she loved it ! 
she loves chewing on every part of her banana brush . 
this is the second one of these i bought . 
gave one to my kids and they love it 
so bought another one to keep at the beach . 
this is in my opinion common sense . 
we unscrew the tops and use dish soap to clean them weekly . 
i thought i just needed to reposition the shade to block the sun . 
do n't waste your money . 
these would be perfect if they actually blocked or even filters the sun . 
nice soft blanket and great size for a newborn . 
it is warm and breathable , baby does n't over heat . 
washed nice and did n't shrink on me . 
plus the organic part is great 
this thing serves the purpose and well ! 
silicone nipples are   modern . 
--the anti - gas   vent    
i find this totally worthless . 
however by the time i was set to try dr . 
wish they had safe plastic ! . 
btw , the instructions say to make sure the vent is   open .   
munchkin 's bottle nipple brush consists of stiff bristles . 
they are not sold separately . 
they are made of cheap foam with plastic handles - that 's it ! - 
and they wear out quickly . 
outrageous to all intelligent parents out there . 
the cost of producing these has to be infinitesimal . 
why gouge the consumer for brushes to clean bf 's bottles ? 
insulting and greedy , and counterproductive to generating brand loyalty .-- 
price   more on the subject of greed . 
glass bottles and silicone nipples   with a worthless vent , do n't forget . 
contrast this with evenflo 's 8 oz 
glass bottle three pack for   4.99 . 
why , i ask myself ? 
because of the vent ? 
the wide neck ? 
it just makes sense . 
here again , there is no competitive difference in these silicone nipples . 
browns when we get to stage 3 . 
list price for two bf nipples   regardless of flow   is   6.99 . 
a four pack is   12.99 . 
woo hoo . 
.-- lack of replacement glass bottle bases 
- let 's face it , these break . 
i also see that dr . 
browns now offers glass . 
we had to throw this away after only about 3 months . 
there were several expensive stroller covers that i almost bought . 
m glad i picked this one . 
i bought this lamp for myself as i was expecting my second child 
my son is 2 now and he 's used this since he was born . 
it has held up really well and looks just like new . 
really good , well - made changing pad . 
but as a teether its a little too thick . 
very durable , colorful toy that will last forever ... 
just serving a different purpose than what i originally intended . 
we originally had the nuk orthopedic pacifier but baby seems to prefer this one . 
he also likes to squish it and chew on it . 
i also liked that the straps come off 
the bag is pretty small . 
it 's definitely 
but they do n't exchange bags after 90 days 
so i guess 
i ' m stuck   - 
what a waste of money   even if it did n't tear 
we bought this for our daughter before she was born . 
she is now 18 months and still loves it ! 
she is old enough now to turn it off and on by herself . 
i have to say i do n't know what the appeal is 
but she is amazed by it . 
this is a must have for all new parents . 
the pacifier holder held the paci . 
yourself.no squeaky noises , nothing 
, we love it.thank youuuu.and a great price too , 
if you get the prince lionheart wipe warmer , you must get these . 
so they are durable . 
i have set of stacking cups and her foam letters in it . 
like i mentioned , this sticks great and is so handy . 
i love these for my children 's play room . 
1year old . 
my 7-month old still enjoys this toy i got for him at 3 months . 
it 's colorful , cute and interests him . 
he likes the socks better than the wristbands . 
worth the few bucks they cost . 
it 's pretty basic , so hard to screw up . 
but it works fine 
the curved sides are great for keeping her from trying to roll off . 
i do n't use the strap   my changing table 
m sure they work fine . 
and you can remove ones you do n't need   hanukkah , for example . 
nothing overly creative . 
there is a note at the bottom of each page with a photo suggestion   
no s--- , sherlock , 
the lids do n't stay on . which defeats the purpose . 
i do n't want air to get in there so the food stays fresh . 
i returned them . 
he is 1 
so i hope to one day use it for it 's actual use . 
and i wish it came apart to wash easier . 
my son plays with it and can not hurt him . 
he recently learned throwing and is throwing various things to experiment . 
unfortunately , it hit the ground and the inner piece dislodged from the base . 
it also did not turn off after 30 minutes . 
i may just retire it . 
i ' m a new mom 
the quality is very good . 
the colours are beautiful and the rubber is so gentle on the gums . 
but for this price , i do n't think it 's worth it . 
i have 2 kids and both of them love chewing on their toothbrush ! 
i found that to be the best solution .   
supervision also required to prevent gagging . 
i got this pillow when i was about 10 weeks pregnant . 
my only negative is it makes you quite hot , especially when pregnant . 
there seems to be little to no ventilation in this pillow . 
new moms get so little sleep 
it seems that little improvement would make a big difference . 
do not buy this monitor . 
it is horrible . 
all you hear is static . 
so much static that sometimes i do n't even hear my baby . 
the lights are always going on because of the noise from the static 
but sometimes the lights do n't work    ofcourse 
that is when my baby is making noise . 
there are 2 channels . 
one has static and the other is the worst sound you will ever hear . 
this monitor makes me crazy listening to static all day    all night . 
i am going out tomorrow to purchase a new monitor . 
do n't waste your money . 
you get what you pay for ! 
i bought this for my 10mo daughter who looooves music . 
the toy is larger than i expected but still easy to hold and sturdy . 
the songs are pleasant and not annoying techno - warped versions . 
i even enjoy them . 
the off and volume selection button is awesome . 
her new little teeth had scraped it almost entirely off in a few days . 
other than that , its a great toy . 
it is also tight on our bijorn travel crib mattress . 
would recommend the organic sheet . 
glad i did n't order up.and overall , this is great . 
not much else to say . 
... it 's not comfortable or supportive for that . 
at least not at my size . 
set.however , i really think it is a neccessity for the tripp trapp . 
it works so well , and it easy to clean . 
the scratches are not a huge deal , however , the price is . 
other than that - wonderful . 
my baby had to supplement almost from the start due to breastfeeding supply problems . 
we started using a bottle at about 3 wks of age . 
3 wks old . 
if that makes any sense . 
he she may grow into it like my baby has . 
we bought these for our 5 month old baby and love them . 
they are easy to use , 
you need two hands to remove bibs with snaps on them , like these . 
we take dainty little bites and enjoy the meal . 
i bought 2 packs ! 
my 4 month old loves this rattle toy . 
her eyes light up every time i put it in front of her . 
great buy ! ! 
being organic makes it all the better ! ! 
the material also is n't as soft as i think it should be . 
this is now one of my go to baby shower gifts for new parents . 
love this whole line of plates , cups and bowls . 
i did n't think i 'd get as much use out of them   
i did n't think the cup size mattered once my son transitioned . 
great buy ! 
got this to go with the super yard 3 in 1 metal gate . 
i use this gate every day for the last 8 months . 
nice and heavy and sturdy . 
the extenders make it large enough for me to block off entire large areas . 
nice and high , baby can not climb it . 
nice and heavy 
so baby can not lift it . 
i have two of these and that seems to be all we need ! 
my son is 9 months and 
this bib completely covers everything but his lower arms . 
the pocket catches   and holds !   
so to sum up - super easy to clean- good coverage- pocket is very effective 
the colors are really nice   carlisle , very gender neutral . 
i absolutely love the changing table . 
i have not had the drying out issue 
the diaper stacker seems sturdy and is very convenient . 
it probably holds about a dozen diapers . 
the night light with the music and nature sounds is nice . 
i wish i had this since my little guy was a newborn 
it would of been so nice to have then . 
its probably ok for occasional naps and play 
but i would not use it as a baby 's main sleeping area . 
you want that for sids prevention though . 
carter 's pack n play sheets do not fit . 
overall a great buy 
and i 'd recommend it . 
if graco could make that pad a little thicker it would be perfect . 
so far i am loving my new stroller ! 
i bought mine in the tidal wave color at babies 
they have really stepped up their game . 
in my new car   subaru forester   its much much better 
and i do nt need the towels . 
its a great seat , but it is huge ! 
there are no covers made specifically for this purpose . 
surprisingly , it works . 
i needed something that is washable . 
i gave this a 4 star simply cause it 's cheaply made . 
i would buy it again , that 's for sure ! 
never leave home without these . 
these are cheaper than other brands of milk storage bags and they work great ! 
the plastic is thick enough so there are no leaks . 
my daughter got this for her first birthday    
it 's a big hit ! 
i find it calming to play with . 
really good looking , sturdy toy . 
great quality , great color . 
no complaints on this one ! 
i like the velour type covers for changing table over other stuff . 
had to get a new crib mattress for his toddler bed . 
mattress is okay but kinda cheap . 
does the job , but fades a great deal with 1st wash . 
main compliant is it does not fit snug . 
i had the pull the top firm so it bunches up a lot underneath . 
my son loves this cup . 
the bouncer seat itself is perfect . 
i have not found the battery - powered vibration useful . 
it takes one finger to bounce the bouncer if baby needs help settling down . 
i also dislike the rattles sewn into the bouncer seat . 
i personally thought that this product is a great invention . 
i am a big leaker , especially during nursing . 
which is why i wondered if anybody has invented something like this . 
especially if you do nt leak much , why is this the products fault ? 
if you do n't leak , then do n't use this product ! 
you can use a breast shell instead if you leak so little . 
that 'll solve the   discreet   problem . 
i do nt find the silicone to be annoying or hard material . 
how great is that ? ! 
i did n't buy this from amazon , but from a local store . 
so i do n't know about shipping or seller . 
regardless , i still highly recommend it . 
this toy is great for babies and toddlers to fall asleep with . 
i used this for two daughters , one in 2010 and another in 2013 . 
we used the product from birth until around 8 months with each . 
it has held up through two kids well . 
it washes well and the girls really enjoyed it especially the first few months . 
but we ' ve added toys to it 
i am loving these so far . 
i have n't found any issues with the tops falling off in the freezer . 
i usually snap them on instead of screw them on ? 
i have n't dropped one yet , so 
i ' m 
not sure if they break . 
it prevents rubbing on the neck and is easy to remove and place . 
definitely recommend for a hands free option . 
i ordered this item after reading through the reviews . 
i should have trusted the negative reviews . 
i am 5'2 and my husband is 6'3 , both fairly fit people . 
we both found that this carrier was extremely uncomfortable . 
i am returning it after attempting to use it once on a hike . 
we were so excited to upgrade from a soft pack to a framed pack 
but this just turned into a disappointment . 
it sort of stinks to have to buy a cup holder for a car seat 
it was super easy to install . 
on hardwood or tile , it looks like it 's on ice . 
also , the brakes   ha   are useless . 
for how much this cost , it should come with rubber tires . 
i might as well keep helping her walk myself ! 
works good for intended purpose . 
these locks are great . 
like the fact that the zipper zips from the bottom up . 
sleeveless good for the not so cold nites ... 
and it is n't crash tested with seats to verify safety . 
so while it is great , be careful where you use it . 
i bought these for the changing table . 
at about 4 x4 , they are definitely not worth   16 . 
fits my daughter 's graco pack n play   standard   mattress just fine . 
it launders well . 
i bought two 
so i have one to use while the other is in the wash . 
i also bought one for grandma 's pack n play . 
i have used both the small and large . 
i prefer the large , it covers my bumgenius freetimes completely . 
i like this scissors overall . 
they are very fine and can be used for newborns . 
i never cut my baby 's skin with them   
i used to with nail clipper 
he did n't get into it until he was about 15 months old . 
but now , he absolutely loves it . 
i got the small , and he 's totally fine on it . 
he 's almost 33 inches tall now 
and it 's not too small for him at all . 
have been using this product for 3 month . 
keeps my son from opening refrigerator and medical cabinet    21 month old . 
i love this ! 
not much to this product , just a clip on a strap . 
just a bit annoying , but otherwise does what it 's supposed to . 
i also like the cheap price ! 
while other carriers may be comfortable , they are a headache to put on . 
also , it not good for a tiny baby . 
maybe 15 lbs and up ? 
what 's up with the love for this detergent ? 
i have slightly hard water and this stuff is awful . 
i bought it thinking it would be good for my diapers . 
it left a build up 
i believe these are not absorbant enough due to the material . 
can not beat the price for this seat ! 
i wish we 'd bought it sooner . 
i had already done . 
i love the dr . 
brown 's bottles but cleaning all the parts gets old fast . 
this makes it much , much easier . 
it takes up about as much room as 4 glasses . 
my baby loves this toy . 
she started playing with it at 6 months 
it 's durable and has lots of fun colors and textures . 
i would definitely recommend this toy . 
this was a toy i just grabbed for my daughter for no real reason . 
she ended up loving it . 
she likes to chew on the little finds and shake it . 
the claws are good gripping spots for little hands . 
i do n't understand why anybody would want to use this . 
babies can not even move sitting in here . 
they should be able to splash around , sit , turn and move freely . 
i think an inflatable bath tub is a much better option . 
fits well , does its job , and soft    nice looking . 
my little one looks cute in it . 
price is good too . 
this product performed exactly as i expected ... 
much easier to find as you 're running out the door 
we are 100   satisfied with the car seat protector . 
it is so easy to put in place and stays in place . 
we also like that it has a little storage on the bottom . 
i got mine at buy buy baby for the same price listed on here . 
mine is pink and brown and is the latest model .   
2011   after seeing it in the store and trying it out 
i fell in love and had to have it . 
i put it together myself and did not find it hard at all . 
i do n't see how anyone could have a hard time putting it together . 
it only uses one screw and everything else snaps into place . 
the directions are clear and come with pictures . 
it took me about 10 minutes all together . 
i do n't find the motor to be loud on mine . 
i like that the motions are n't jerky , and the speed is variable . 
so i feel that i can now make a review on this product . 
i have been putting her in it since she came home from the hospital . 
she does n't need them now . 
she 's a little bigger 
it does n't have to . 
even though i find the balls boring , she likes them . 
after a while she does get bored with them 
i only use the ipod feature . 
the speakers are n't the best quality ever 
i am sad to say that my daughter prefers that over her ' roo . 
i mostly use it for daytime when she does n't have to be asleep 
but she is bored or overstimulated by tummy time . 
i just wish i had bought it months ago ! 
i thought this would be perfect for misshapen windows . 
it was at first - as far as the fit . 
it easily covered the passenger windows ... for a few days . 
it slowly pulled itself together to a square barely 8x8 inches . 
i switched back to the sun shades 
the hospital gave us for free!and sun protection ? ? 
who thinks this is blocking sun . 
the bare window blocks more sun than this 
product.this had potential but is an unfortunate miss . 
the body part is really not cushioned at all , but that 's okay . 
this bag was a big help traveling on my own- 
would definitely recommend to travelers and their babes . 
this was my third stroller purchase . 
r us for   43 . 
the sunshade and basket are both huge , and the basket is easily accessible . 
it opens up very easy . 
as one cashier said ,    34 
it 's like he 's riding in a spaceship on wheels !   
it 's a weird , non - intuitive motion to get it to close . 
i figure you need about 4 of them 
the muslin washes very easily and little baby stains are easy to get out . 
my daughter loves this toy . 
i do too because it 's simple . 
bought these as a snack cup for my daughter . 
they work great for most snacks . 
so , i just had to go off of the reviews here . 
i ' m 
the stroller rolls very smooth and the brakes work great . 
i love the parent pocket and cup holder . 
i just put everything in the pocket . 
the basket underneath is small yet hold more than i thought it would . 
the straps are very quick and simple to adjust and snap . 
the canopy can go back and forward and lock in the forward position . 
the stroller is easy to set up and take down . 
i will also purchase thestroller connectorsby prince lionheart . 
my husband picked this one out and we both loved how it turned out . 
i washed everthing and it came out beautiful . 
i ordered another online and the top border colors are not the same shade . 
i am not tha picky 
but you can tell the difference if you look at it . 
not sure how to get around this one . 
otherwise it is great . 
this warmer worked well for a few months . 
i needed it at the bottom of the staircase . 
carefully look carefully . 
this is a nice , soft , plastic bristled brush in a plastic handle . 
i ' ve not had that problem . 
i ' m pleased with the brush . 
it cleared our cradle cap . 
i will love giving these as a gift next month ! 
i think my friend will love them too ! 
thank you ! 
this bag is amazing ! ! ! 
i got so many compliments on my flight to and from alaska . 
it was much easier to pack through the airport to check - in . 
really amazing bag , love love love it . 
the movement holds their interest every time . 
ahhh , yes ! 
it 's amazing ! 
absolutely love it . 
it was so easy to install for my husband in our 08 crv . 
the fabric is unbeatable in style and comfort . 
there is a nice booster pillow for infants under 22lbs . 
it wipes clean and is overall just a fabulous car seat ..... 
oh and it 's made in italy , another plus ! 
we use this every day for our bottles . 
i read reviews after reviews before ordering a gate . 
it was horrible ! 
i worked for twenty minutes trying to get it together and did n't come close- 
i love this gate . 
there 's nothing i do n't like about it . 
it took all of two minutes to put together and put up . 
it is very strong and sturdy . 
the color is n't bad . 
i could do with or with out a door . 
i would definitely recommend this gate and it fits our needs perfectly . 
let me just say that this seat is not like riding in a car . 
this will settle a baby if they are not at their fussiest time . 
a car ride is my last resort to getting a baby to sleep . 
anyway , i give it 3 stars because it does help with the newborns . 
if you need something for older babies i would pass on this seat . 
best invention . 
and it 's not only cheaper 
she falls asleep and we have to break . 
the sticker on the mirro was faded . 
it 's hard plastic which hurts when you are smacked with it . 
our infants leg and arms have been caught in between the bars . 
i highly recommend this product . 
i wish i would have bought it prior to giving birth ! 
it is a nice swing and the price is nice as well . 
my baby did not like it . 
it 's extremely comfortable to wear and very durable . 
this makes life so much easier . 
i wish i had this with my 1st born . 
all my pregnant friends envy this bag as well . 
m sure they 'll be getting one too ! 
very easy to clean as well . 
definitely worth the money . 
and he smacked his head incredibly hard on the rail of the crib . 
i assumed i could use it folded and essentially double the size . 
why did n't i buy this sooner!?!?this is the best potty seat i purchased . 
it is adjustable to fit into any type of toilet seat . 
my son seemed to need some assistance walking so i got this for him . 
but he did n't like it and did n't even use it once . 
durable , easy to put on , easy to clean . 
i use it on a daily basis when i breastfeed my baby in public . 
and you feel perfectly safe that little one will not be falling off somewhere . 
i personally do n't use a playpen because it just looks too sad . 
i must say i was quite bummed 
most babies infants are into pulling tags on anything they come into contact with . 
the dog is very soft and cuddly . 
he is n't a gigantic doggie ... about 11   34   long . 
i have already washed it , too . 
i tried to put these on my 23mn old little girl . 
but for some reason she freaked out when i put them on her . 
a bit disappointing 
... maybe they did not feel comfortable , stiff , not sure ? 
woombie was a little thicker , a little softer , and feels more sturdy . 
these are not the bottles pictured . 
these are for the newer lansinoh manual pump and not the original . 
seems everyone is using old pics and selling the newer model . 
so , they are not compatible with the old manual pump base . 
we love them . 
i feel safe letting him sleep in this . 
it has never come up over his face or anything like that . 
this cover is so soft , even after multiple washes . 
very gentle yet versatile changing pad cover . 
highly recommend this produce 
my almost 1 year old grew out of the hard plastic - type infant baby 
tub so looked for one that was softer and bigger . 
this one works great . 
we bought this while traveling to my in - laws - 
it 's not good for a full - time high chair 
but it did the trick while traveling 
i ' m a dad of 14 month old twins . 
some more than others.parents get so frustrated and worried about their babies 
that they try anything different . 
this one takes the cake . 
how has humanity survived so long before the advent of disposable liners ? 
i warn you 
wonderful if you 're pumping breast milk and trying not to waste any.since 
they cost about 99 cents each.they work great . 
there 's a bottle , ring and nipple . 
my only complaint is that it is quite bulky . 
other than that , no problems . 
i did and she hated it . 
then i was on amazon and i found this . 
it is flexible and easy for him to grab . 
this changing table really does turn out wonderfully when all is said and done . 
the finish is nice , and the color is exactly what i wanted . 
i put this together by myself at 7 months pregnant . 
i did not over - tighten , or cause this problem myself . 
overall , very nice looking and worth the money spent . 
i have been a user of medela pumps   
so when i saw this , i decided to give it a try . 
my initial thoughts were , wow there are a lot of parts ! 
i could never store it in those bottles since i needed them to pump . 
please note they are much wider so medela and ameda bottles would not work . 
if you get this , definitely get more avent bottles . 
also , medela gave me an ice pack and storage cooler for my bottles . 
you will not get that with this . 
it was very difficult 
so i just never used it.that being said , 
avent has medela beat on the weight of the pump . 
it is a lot lighter and i do like the design of this pump . 
it is very attractive and easy to carry around . 
the cushion is also nice as it provides some padding for the breasts . 
this is an issue with medela pumps . 
i was surprised by the noise considering the sleek look to the pump itself . 
the let down also takes longer than my medela pumps . 
i have to use the highest suction strength to get this to work properly . 
i was going to give this more stars 
i am lucky to get 4 oz . 
out of a single pumping session whereas i can usually get that easily . 
it is also harder to see how the milk expressing is going . 
either way , i will still use this from time to time 
but right now my main pump is medela . 
these spoons are great for both big and small hands . 
they are long enough for all stages of jar foods . 
easy to handle . 
not flimsy like some brands . 
wash great in both sink or dishwasher . 
recommended for all families ! 
the product is mostly just as described . 
hopefully with more washes it will soften up . 
i wish i would have purchased this sooner ! 
the range on it is really nice , too . 
perfect for breast pump accessories . 
so she can watch the world outside . 
she loves the seat and i consider it a great value for the money . 
a great , simple product design that works perfectly . 
i ' m returning it tomorrow ! . 
this sheet fits perfectly on my arms reach original cosleeper . 
i love this stroller . 
i have a bumbleride indie that i use for jogging and any rough terrain . 
this stroller is amazing ! 
it is not lying when it says one hand fold . 
it folds completely flat and leaves so much room for groceries and such . 
very useful ! 
this stroller is worth every penny and then some . 
the only complaint i have is i wish the handle was adjustable . 
i would like for it to be a little lower . 
after this , the bugs heads get chewed mercilessly . 
these are great containers . 
they are easy to clean and unfreeze food . 
we use these in every cloth diaper ! 
the large size fits in our bumgenius 4.0 nicely without bunching up .   
we fold it to fit width - wise . . 
it 's great to keep waste off cloth diaper and provide a barrier . 
i bought two sets of these because i love the pen it makes 
and he can grab the bars and shake them   pulling and pushing   
and i have absolutely no fear of the playpen moving or toppling over . 
we had this seat in fuego for my son . 
when installed properly , does not move .   
does n't fit on grocery cart . 
i will be buying this for our second child . 
no doubt . 
in my opinion , it 's well worth it . 
at first , i ordered this just because it was so cute . 
it took awhile to arrive 
so i recommend ordering it earlier than you plan to use it if possible   
it took about 6 weeks for delivery . 
it arrived shortly after my daughter was born    
it was her napping spot for months . 
now she is over a year old    
each time i pull it out of the dryer , it looks new again . 
i ' ve read other reviews that said they only drip dry theirs 
but i ' ve had no issue with drying . 
no shrinkage , no matting of the plush parts . 
highly recommend this as a gift or for yourself . 
any baby or even toddler would enjoy it ! 
these bags have been working great ! 
all there were left was the medela brand and these . 
i remember reading the reviews somewhere about how the medela bags suck 
but i could nt remember anything about these bags . 
they are thick and seem pretty durable . 
they have the double seal which is another plus . 
other than that i definatly reccomend these bags for everyone ! 
they 're cheap but they 're durable . 
also works with even flo travel containers . 
good to use to store breast milk in fridge and als for transporting 
this product arrived timely and looks as it does online . 
it fits two 8 oz bottles . 
big issue of mold - 
i use these to fasten prefolds onto my baby , and they are great ! 
we started with size one and now at 10 months we use size two . 
they work great to hold diapers on , and never come unfastened . 
very happy with these as a diaper pin alternative . 
so great ! 
our son loves this set . 
these are the reason that our son at 18 months is loving books now . 
really like these . 
this is the only reason i sleep at night . 
love this . 
i love this stroller base . 
it is easy to fold and easy to push . 
it works very well for us and we use it often . 
i love this ! 
it was exactly what i was looking for . 
i did nt want to hang my babys clothes or put them in drawers . 
i love the space , size and sturdiness this offers . 
he will not tip it over . 
will definitely buy again or for gifts 
this mobile keeps my baby entertained and soothed without making me do unnecessary work . 
i love it . 
these work great as diaper caddies . 
they about two days worth of diapers easily as well as a wipe container . 
the elastic straps loop around the buttons to keep the divider in place . 
it still works well though even with the missing button 
so i ' ve only taken off one star . 
this is a good sterilizer . 
i bought two for the lawn and it is wonderful ! 
loves to chew on her and squeeze her . 
just to be safe , do n't let your baby play with her unsupervised . 
my husband and i bought this in anticipation of our son 's birth . 
yes , it only has three toys . 
the purpose of this toy . 
he really loves that ball , actually , even just by itself . 
, i think.- 
first , he just stared at it . 
then , he accidentally hit the toys . 
then he could grasp the toy , and practiced that quite a bit . 
this has helped entertain my baby while i try to scarf down breakfast . 
but it does help give you a little time and baby learns 
he does n't have to have you there every moment of the day.- 
my grandson thoroughly enjoys it , even though he is still very young . 
he is fascinated with the decor , even the butterflies on the bottom . 
a great place for my grandson to learn to exercise his limbs safely . 
just wish they had a pink pacy option 
this product works great ! 
thick padding and soft on babies gums . 
the price is well worth it ! 
perfect fit ! easy to clean ! 
my brother has this swing 
and i bought a different one . 
the speeds are great and its all an all a wonderful swing 
the seat and the spead is what sold us ! 
great swing ! 
we got this for my 4 month old son , and he loves it ! 
each noise compartment can also be turned off , which is nice for parents     
the representative on the phone was super nice about it . 
an adult has to turn the seat for baby . 
overall , i ' m pretty impressed . 
it lathers up very nicely and leaves my skin feeling quite soft afterwards . 
but other than that , i highly recommended trying it ! 
researched a lot of concealers   focusing on recommendations for dark circles . 
bought this and bobbi brown on the same day to test . 
have also used laura mercier , and numerous drugstore brands . 
my normal method   with all brands 
it has a really strong scent , that is off putting . 
try dove men care sensitive   line . 
all sensitive with lighter scents . 
i tried once .is 
works very well , can remove all of water profe eye make up .i ' 
m gald i had this one 
used daily , this shampoo is very effective in eliminating dandruff . 
best dandruff shampoo 
i ' ve tried so far ! 
not sure what it does ... feels kind of cool though . 
the mist is refreshing . 
only used it for about a week and now it just sits there . 
this hot brush is not good as the brand name . 
it 's not curl your hair and made from cheap material . 
i used it just only one time and put it in the closet . 
thank heavens ! 
this fine day cream has reduced my facial age spots significantly    
i just got it today . 
i will be using this product and will actually review it in a week . 
lives up to the hype ! 
very flattering color ! 
this mirror works great ! 
i use it for shaving in the shower throughout the week . 
it just fell off the wall after 6 months of use . 
i am receiving a free replacement mounting kit from the company . 
i never use the low setting . 
recently i tried many different products from the   motions   line . 
i like my hair styled in the morning 
so i can look professional at work . 
it is foaming product and easy to apply and distribute on the wet hair . 
as another reviewer has recently stated ... 
i have normal to dry skin 
and i ' m super impressed with it 's staying power ! 
love this face lotion . 
i did n't even get to use it once . 
i plugged it in . 
checked to see if it worked . seemed to work just fine . 
the motor in it is dying . 
it seemed really strong when i first got it . 
now it seems to barely turn the rotary part . 
i ' m very disappointed . 
do not waste your money ! ! ! ! 
you 're better off spending the money on a real dremel and the accessories . 
i 'll be sticking with the nexxus . 
i have tried several different products by adovia and seriously love them all . 
this particular bar of soap has a strong , but good , clean scent . 
this soap does neither of those things . 
it lathers up very well too . 
the moisture and softness lasts too . 
their dead sea mud soap does though 
and then i rub it in a circular motion all over . 
wonderful product . 
all opinions expressed are solely my own . 
that it has a dial for the heat setting . 
so basically i like the overall design of this . 
this works in a pinch , as in to hurry up and dry it . 
but it does n't perfectly and smoothly straighten my dry hair out . 
it gives me another option for a quick morning . 
essie is one of the best nail polish brands and this color is great . 
the color is simple yet shimmery . 
one of my favorite polishes . 
brushes maintain shape . 
thanks sigma for your quick    terrific service ! ! ! 
i love seche vite dry fast top coat ! ! 
i use this every time i paint my nails . 
it 's truly a must have for me . 
my nails are completely dry in just a few short minutes .   
now with seche vite dry fast top coat my nails are dry super fast . 
but it works so well , that i 'll just buy another bottle . 
i highly recommend this for busy moms ! ! 
i had a hard time adapting to this shampoo because of lack of lather . 
i use this with the 
it 's a 10 miracle conditioner . 
i spray it on after a shower , brush through and there you go ! 
it is n't heavy like a lot of leave - ins 
i ' ve used in the past . 
i just love it 
my first vasani and i ' m not disappointed ! 
i purchased this as a gift for my grandparents . 
my grandfather had been complaining about his nail becoming brittle and breaking . 
my grandmother was trying to paint his nails with strengthener to help 
but it was n't doing the trick . 
i purchased this to see if it would be better . 
after a couple of weeks of use they both use it and love it . 
they said their nails are doing great . 
swelling ? who knows ?   
anyway , this stuff was amazing . 
it lasts all day ! 
i use almay 's . 
really thickens my hair as stated ! 
it will leave your skin feeling smooth and refreshed . 
the axe products are aimed at men , but i enjoy them as well . 
these are beautiful colors , and they glide on so easily ! 
they look great and stay put ! 
i ' m very pleased with my purchase . 
i could n't be happier with this purchase ! 
thank you ! 
i have ordered from this seller with other thing and never any problems . 
oh dear . 
i like the color ! 
and this has a really good weight to it , 
not too heavy , not too light . 
which led me to the second problem.second problem   the buttons only rarely work . 
but not always . 
and i can not get the lock setting to work ever . 
i can not get the powder to trickle down into the brush . 
i ' m not sure if it 's something 
i ' m doing wrong or if it 's the applicator . 
i found it at    34 
the big chain store   34   
but i knew i could find a better deal here on amazon . 
this totally takes care of that . 
another use i have for 
, there are n't any tangles or snaps in my hair.you 
do n't need alot of this product so use sparingly on hair . 
all in all it 's a great product and will definitely purchase again . 
i use a lot of products on my hair . 
some work , some do n't live up to their hype . 
these are wonderfully soft and nicely dense . 
they are worth more than twice the price . 
you can not go wrong with this set . 
i received one   1   pack only . 
i have really dark circles 
so i use this palette for that . 
not a bad purchase though . 
this product smells great and helps to prevent breakouts without drying the skin . 
after using it for over a month , i see results . 
lots to choose from and lots of colors ! 
but wish it were a bit less expensive . 
i read online about it . 
my biggest issue however , is the size of the images . 
what i received was a legit knockoff from hong kong . 
there are lots of health hazards when using imitation make up . 
tried to contact the seller and have even filed a claim with amazon . 
higher quality is better for the health of your skin in the long run . 
i would recommend this brush set for a short term beginner brush set . 
the biggest change you will notice is the incredible texture . 
soaks in to protect your skin or baby ' s.if 
after a few hours , your dry parts are dry again . 
i found this on pinterest and gave it a shot . 
i love it , my nails seem to grow faster but are stronger too . 
but it really went a long way 
the best part is that it dries extremely quickly . 
the directions say use it once a day 
this looks just like the picture . 
fit good in my purse . 
ended up not using it for long though it 's a great idea . 
they did n't have the color i wanted 
so i purchased to bring with me . 
it 's beeautiful and long lasting . 
color is clear and vibrant . 
the photo really does n't do the color justice . 
i do n't see where else these could be worn . 
they are ridiculous . 
this may be the facial bar for you . 
i ' ve been struggling for years with first acne ..... 
then hives    acne ..... and then finally what appeared to be rosacea .... ! 
until i found this skin line   
i highly recommend this product to anyone 
did n't experience any difference in lip texture , plumping , moisture , nothing . 
anything beyond that ? 
could not use under lipstick in the morning or it would smear off . 
applied at night before bedtime . 
no noticeable difference for me . 
once it   8217 s on i can not get it off ! 
but i was n't using that at the time   the next morning 
i live in fl . 
and it is very dark , almost like liquid eyeliner which i do like . 
if you can apply it right , it looks very nice . 
this was just a bad idea . 
not only did it just eat my hair up . 
if you have a lot of hair ... this product is not for you . 
if you have thick hair , this product is not for you . 
i guess i will just have to stick to the curling iron .. 
there are no short cuts in life apparently . 
this also did n't curl my hair ... 
more like crazy weird curls . 
i am 47 years old , and must be careful with the glitter . 
not a problem with this palette , since they are all matte shades . 
the colors are unique , but very wearable . 
otherwise , it would be the perfect palette for me . 
that said , i am very happy with it . 
so i was having trouble deciding which color to choose . 
i decided to buy it at the store nearby to judge colors better . 
i have a really hard time finding a color match . 
the ivory fair was a perfect match . 
it does add moisture to my dry skin but it is pretty sheer . 
the pigment on this color blush is so heavy and thick . 
consistency is also poor made me break out . 
if this is nars , it is highly overrated and definitely overpriced . 
this is good conditioner , and it 's cheap . 
and it 's easy to get sticky clumpy with certain conditioners.this 
at it 's low price point 
not dry like other liners . 
i look less tired and the under eye circles seem much brighter . 
but this really reduces that . 
one pump is all you need . 
the dust from this container is much lighter weight than that powder . 
it 's also translucent and somewhat difficult to see . 
how much should i use ? 
i can not see it and can barely feel it . 
then i put some in my hair and rubbed it around . 
it did n't look like it did anything . 
i have trimmers in my hand 
instructions are not it english 
but it 's self explanatory . 
you really do n't walk away feeling you have goop on your face . 
do n't expect it to be chock full of vitamins or antioxidants   
this is n't that kind of product . 
i used this lotion only on my hands and had no complaints . 
i bought this bombshell red lipstick for a special event . 
this is the literally only organix brand product i can find in my supermarket 
so i ' ve been using it for about 6 months now .   
i do n't buy it on amazon , too expensive .   
you need to keep up with it but the results are good . 
it 's a thick , creamy conditioner that smells amazing . 
also i should mention that i blow dry and flat iron my hair 
and i think this helps with that daily damage . 
this one 's a keeper . 
feel real and looks like it too . 
i had complements on them and it made my skimpy looking lashes look great . 
the only problem is i use the wrong glue . 
fast shipping and delivery . 
oh and did i mention that there magnetic ? ? ! ? ! ? 
the barrel straightener , however , is large and a bit clumsy . 
the digital readout is nice and the swivel cord is a big bonus . 
however , it just did not do a very good job . 
first , the hinge lock did n't work at all . 
because of the natural wave , it still needs straightening . 
it did n't make a noticeable difference on my lashes . 
but for me , it did n't work . 
it is on ok concealer . 
the worst part is -- it creases badly in 1h or so 
i previously gave it four stars but it is definitely five star worthy . 
i was having hard hair issues when my hair air dried . 
i could n't figure out how to soften it . 
my hair became completely soft . 
and the style was smooth and sleek . 
her dry hair issues subsided really quickly . 
plus , it smells great and gets rid of the strong shea butter smell . 
did i say that i love this stuff ? 
this is a great concealer . 
this product is best used under a foundation . 
i ' m not sure if i would just use it by itself . 
i ' m mixed about this product ! 
very good product . 
nice product , glad that i heard about it here in amazon . 
4 stars . 
i have blonde curly wavy hair . 
humid days are ridiculos and spring rain is super bad ! ! ! 
it does everything it claims . 
it 's cheaper . 
i also condition as normal . 
leave on overnight or for a few hours . 
wash out with conditioner ... 
oil removes oil . 
yego rapido y me encanto este paquete de esmaltes 
yego los trate muy bonitos los colores 
i love this product . 
i think this is my favorite self tanners . 
good light color 
but it is noticable and it goes on very even ! 
i ordered the sigma kit which came with a cup holder case like this 
but i returned the set because in my opinion it was overpriced . 
the zeno works if you get the occasional blemish 
i found i was using it all over my face . 
a cheaper and more effective alternatives to zeno are as follows 1 . 
spot treat blemishes with 5 or 10   benzoyl peroxide cream . 
this releases oxygen into the pore so that bacteria can not live . 
use lightstim blue acne light nightly . 
the light costs about   250 , but never needs replacements bulbs or maintenance . 
this is the skin care purchase i have ever made.3 . 
exfoliate 2 - 3 times a week with a gentle scrub or enzyme.hope 
this helps all clear skin seekers ! 
i love this shadow ! ! ! 
it is absolutely beautiful ! ! ! ! 
i may buy another here . 
i love amazon    usually do check their price first . 
my eyes look so pretty right now wearing this . 
i have sensitive skin . 
i have always had sensitive skin . 
i am allergic to most soaps and facial cleansers . 
then a couple of large acne bumps appeared . 
that has not happened . 
i love , love , love these lashed . 
they are the perfect length and fullness . 
no one ever believes that they are fake . 
i love this eyelash curler ! 
it works so well and does n't pull out my eyelashes . 
my eyelashes look fuller and more dramatic with the whiplash ! 
quality of product is horrible . 
very slow shipping . 
overall product did not work and ended up being tossed in the garbage . 
sorry i wasted my money .. 
excellent product   would buy again . 
so i can not use all of them ... 
just a select few .. this moisturizer being one of them . 
this little kit is perfect ! ! ! 
m a makeup artist and i use this thing like crazy ! 
i just grab this and go ! 
perfect i say ! 
my eyelids are slightly swollen and my eyes seem to be redder than normal . 
i ' ve only been using it a month 
and it says it takes 3 months 
and now it 's 3 months in 
i only apply it at night and skip a day here and there . 
i have to admit that the product does work . 
my lashes are noticeably longer . 
i can not say they are darker because mine were black to begin with . 
i ' m not sure about fullness either 
but i can say they are longer 
and i will keep using this product . 
i 'll try and upload a before and after pic . 
this is ok , i use it .. 
but it really is n't large enough for my purse , yes 
i carry a big purse , i carry my lunch , a book a notebook 
and it 's a carry 
all ... i thought this would help me find things in my big purse ... 
i have been using this over 5 years . 
this is my all time favorite and would n't try others . 
just good product for money . 
love it . 
i smelled it and right away i knew this was the one . 
the price is reasonable too . 
this makes my hair so soft and shiny ! 
i bought the nyx pencil in 604 milk . 
shipping was fast ! 
i have n't tried it on yet 
but i did rub a little on my hand and blend it out a little 
and i was very happy with how it looked     
i can not wait to see how it works on top of eyeshadow primer ! 
the great thing is that this product does n't build up . 
the milky white just for me has a mellow coconut scent . 
the hair retains its body even in humid conditions . 
it is a very good product and i recommend it . 
i like aubrey products 
so i hope this product is the same 
i am very impressed with this foundation.i ordered the light and fair . 
i do suggest ordering the darker of the colors . 
fair is very porcelain . 
even the light is lighter than most foundations . 
i wish there was a better way to know what color to order . 
it comes with a sponge type pad that works ok 
but i think the brush makes it go on better . 
it smells funny , unscented i think but the scent is no good . 
does n't stay with you just as you put it on . 
for the hair , i found it to be very good . 
for the scalp it is good . 
i have psoriasis and it did not help at all . 
so for the skin i give it a mediocre review . 
thank you . 
a very nice under coat before putting on finishing powder . 
i can see difference in skin the longer it is used . 
i used this along my collar bone to combat some sun damage . 
i ' ve used this brand of foot cream with no ill effects . 
i 'd be careful about using this around the neck and face . 
i was so excited to get such a great deal on these brushes ! ! 
it was such a disappointment ! ! ! ! 
i posted a picture with what they look like without the black finish ! 
i then found hair one . 
it was just as good as wen 
but i could find it in my somewhat   local   sallys ' store 
walking through my local walmart i finally found the best of all worlds . 
you can not go wrong , right ? 
well i love this product so much 
wen , goodbye hair one 
i ' ve found a new love 
hope this helps . 
i have n't bought it yet . 
i have shoulder length , highlighted hair with some natural curl . 
using a flat iron after blow drying takes time 
unit is lightweight and easy to use . 
does n't get too hotcons   the brush part needs to be wider ! 
i bought this hoping to keep my red hair vibrant in between salon visits . 
this stuff streaked through my hair    turned the dull red a dark pink ! 
it would be great if i wanted my hair pink 
but i do n't . 
giving it to a friend whose hair is pink to keep her pink bright ! 
works great not to mention you will save    . 
after nearly 2 weeks my nails are still nice . 
not anymore . 
i love this product . 
thank you sally hansen ! 
this stuff will keep your hair healthy regardless of the weather . 
my wife purchased this and absolutely loves it ... 
she 's only been using it a few day 
but she has noticed that her skin is just glowing ... 
this did nothing . 
a good moisturizer and that 's about it . 
pros all 10 color design beauty . 
females adult should proper of age . 
zero cons or could be considered heavy or big 
makes your hair super silky and detangles easily ! 
not too heavy on the hair either and the smell is lovely too ! 
this works good . 
i put on my base coat and nail polish and top coat a week ago 
and it 's still on .   
this is a wonderful thing . 
worth every penny as anyone who loves opi knows 
i used this after many reviews and this stuff is strong . 
i used it during the summer and it sopped up my oily skin 
but it made my skin dry after a couple of days so use sparingly . 
i only used 1 25th of it 
so i have alot left over to use once in a blue . 
it did nothing to lighten my blemish marks . 
i like it for spongelike purposes . 
a strong , solid thumbs up ! 
it made some of my hair look purplish . 
but overall , this product was great ! 
i love it , this is my 2nd or 3rd time ordering this product . 
it 's a little slow but works well . 
i would never use this type of product for facial purposes . 
to me , it is very similar to using vaseline . 
the first thing i noticed of course was the way the lotion smells . 
but most importantly , it works really well . 
i also have to apply lotion at other times during the day too . 
this lotion really helps keep my hands from drying out . 
this one does not feel like that at all . 
this cream works excellent and it is very affordable . 
since i have allergies , this was a big thing for me . 
products with a smell cause my eyes to water and turn red and itchy . 
i can use this product without having to worry about having an allergic reaction . 
this works . 
simply , it does work    well . 
but it works and is safe 
so it 's good in my book . 
zia skin has made an excellent product to wash your face with . 
if you are a fan of st . 
ivy 's products , zia is comparable in use . 
the price may turn some people off , but overall a great cleanser.katiebabs 
fine products.i can not say i found anything particularity outstanding about them 
this shampoo instantly detangles and relaxes and softens my tough 4c african american hair ! 
it suds really well . 
you do nt even need to use 
but so much . 
this stuff has amazing slip and spreads through the hair so easy . 
i luv the peppermint smell of it too . 
its also has some very good natural ingredients in it as well . 
this will not strip your hair at all . 
this will definitely add moisture while clarifying at the same time . 
does not have a lot of suds when washing but leaves hair very clean . 
does a good job of washing oily hair . 
i loved our gdiapers ... 
they were the only cloth diapers that never leaked ! 
we used fabric soakers in ours , not the disposable refills that gdiapers sells . 
it 's really basic and anyone can make these for much cheaper now ... 
kinda bummed , it was an awesome product . 
i brought this based on all the other reviews . 
i returned it . 
i hated the taste of this product . 
it also did not work on my lips and dried them out . 
i switched to aquaphor instead . 
i got black and the colour is not too harsh or artificial . 
great purchase . 
34 keeping my fingers crossed   34 . 
i also like the color and consistency of this oil 
so i did not hesitate to use it . 
i am now a believer ! 
so it 's really no hassle to use . 
thanks instanatural for letting me try this great product ! 
no need to repeat what all the other reviews are stating .. 
just get some of this and try it out ... 
the thing that prevents a 5 star rating is the price . 
i ' m not constantly waiting for a tube to come in . 
this product is great . 
i really recommend it . 
it smells so incredibly fresh and light . 
it makes a great addition to hard lotion bars . 
it feels great on my skin 
first let me start off by saying that i love the color . 
it 's a gorgeous navy blue with blue purple shimmer throughout . 
absolutely gorgeous . 
however , applying this color is a completely different story . 
i am not a professional 
this is the only color i ' ve had an issue with . 
when applying , i get little bubbles that pop open leaving everything beneath exposed . 
it works very well . 
i asked for a trim and shaping ... 
how can someone misunderstood 1 inch trim and keep my hair below the shoulder 
do n't they understand . 
i should have known it is too good to be true . 
the vitamin i have been taking for so long you can not get in stores 
it is the opposite , hair gets stronger , healthier and silky - shiny . 
use these again and again in place of a big bath towel . 
very pleased . 
i love sulfate free shampoos and this product is one of them . 
biggest advantage   low price . 
this shampoo leaves a wonderful smell in the hair . 
is it worth buying . 
it has a very moisturizing texture , and it also tastes good     
this is a great conditioner that works amazingly well on dry and damaged hair . 
it take very little and spreads nicely though your hair . 
i love the way it smells too , so that 's a nice bonus ! 
this glitter is amazing ! 
the glitter has this great subtle fiery effect that i have n't seen yet . 
will be using again and again ! 
this shaver gives the closest shave with no noticeable stubble . 
the brand is papoutsanis , a wonderful soap . 
it is identical in color and performance to the papoutsanis brand . 
i would guess they come out of the same facility . 
happily surprised by this product . 
this product is sold by juaz is fake . 
omg , i am so upset that my money and effort was waste . 
i have really curly hair and lots of it . 
when it is humid i have a lot of problems with frizz . 
this shampoo definitely helped in taming my frizzy hair . 
it also restored moisture in my hair . 
it feels softer and looks shinier . 
i do n't use much of shampoo when shampooing . 
i use about a quarter size and make sure the water is warm . 
do n't want it to be hot or too cold . 
i make sure i rinse real well too . 
make sure you pair it with the conditioner for maximum results . 
this looks , straight up , like liquid metal on your eyes . 
such a cool effect . 
i adore it . 
lasts all day , even only oily lids . 
i hope it never gets discontinued . 
i love this moisturizer ! 
the texture is so light and it absorbs easily into my skin . 
i wear this moisturizer every night with a separate eye cream . 
another plus about this product is that it does not contain excessive fragrance . 
m glad i found this again 
, the ah souffle is a tad oily . 
the no - oil formula is a godsend , no more breakouts . 
i like the rate of peel   no scaly face . 
using alpha hydroxy i have received the first ever complements on my skin . 
i have very few wrinkles for my age . 
i ' m not saying i look 30 , but i look good . 
i have all the redness relief products and i could n't be more pleased ! 
not a good look for an older woman . 
my hair is fine , dry , and curly . 
the frizz disappears instantly , even after a day in the rain and wind . 
love it ! 
it blends right in . 
it seemed like it had fallen . 
so the second use , i put a little hair spray after . 
worked like a miracle . 
i ve only used this hair dryer once since i had it . 
i love this little dryer . 
i love this product . 
i highly recommend it . 
i do not do my make up often 
but when i do i love to have the wow factor . 
there is so many colors and i love how it stays on . 
great combo ! 
i ' m was n't even halfway through the bottle . 
i have not actually seen any difference in my facial composition . 
it has n't done anything to prevent or get rid of blackheads . 
it also has n't made a difference in blemishes . 
but i suppose it 's fine to wash your face with 
, just do not expect it to do much . 
i bought this for my mother because she was running out . 
but i digress , i was delighted that my mother was delighted . 
i give this product two thumbs up . 
i use these misting spraying water on paintings on which i ' m working . 
the bottles are like weebles   
they weeble , but they do fall down . 
i love it . 
used it for the first time today . 
worked well under makeup . 
this is a great body lotion with no fragrance . 
long - lasting and very moisturizing . 
great on arms , legs and feet . 
convenient pump makes application quick and easy . 
this is a great staple for your body care items . 
these lashes are just okay . 
they are n't the best , but also , not the worst . 
they are a little rigid and not pliable to fit any eye shape . 
they are sort of generic . 
this tweezerman shape and shine nail tool is really nice ! 
it has 3 sides on each end , each for a different purpose . 
it is just kind of an awkward shape to file your nails with . 
i do use the other end quite a bit though ! 
that end is to buff and shine your nails with and it works great ! 
i would definitely recommend this ! 
i am a big sweater - meaning i start sweating just thinking about sweating . 
... colorscience sunforgettable powder is the almost perfect remedy   
i do still sweat this off but way way more slowly than lotions . 
i bought the   19 replacement instead of the   50 brush ... . 
a little really does go a long way . 
it should last me a while 
we 'll worth the money ! 
good for travel 
you have everything you need on one spot . 
brought this with me to cancun 
and it was ahhh - mazing ! 
love the color , item as described . 
was getting so bad , it was actually interfering with my performance . 
i decided spenco was the one to try since i have low arches . 
i slip them into my boots and try them on . 
to work i went . 
i ' m now enduring the chaotic holiday season , running and walking 
non - stop but my feet feel no pain ! 
dspenco has earned its 5 stars!make sure to keep them clean , though ! 
you do n't want them to stink , they will hold your feet sweat ! 
olive oil tsp . 
avocado oil2   heat up slightly ... 
avocado oil also contains sterolins , which are natural steroids . 
they may be effective in boosting collagen production and in treating age spots . 
the various nutrients in avocado oil protect hair from environmental pollution . 
i do nt know what to say .. 
it 's less noticeable on darker colors . 
the scent is very mild , but pleasant while it lasts . 
but this 1.7 oz . 
it has nearly no detectable scent . 
olive oil has more fragrance . 
i consider this purchase a waste of money . 
i can not recommend it . 
i adore this color through the winter . 
it is dark without being black . 
the shimmer glitters in light and gives it another dimension . 
the person who received this was very happy and i would buy again 
she said that it was really easy to use .. 
thanks once again .. 
i have very oily skin and i mean very . 
it goes on clear except for by my nose . 
by my nose , it is visibly white . 
i had to kind of wipe it off 
so it was n't so obvious . 
and i did n't use much . 
i ' ve tried 
but it does n't work as great for me as some other reviewers . 
firstly , some background . 
it arrived virtually overnight   thanks amazon , as always   
and i liked it instantly.price , length , weight , thickness , quality - 
all great . 
when they do rotate the brush really grabs hair strongly . 
i finally got the hang of that 
it did indeed create instant volume and easily turned my hair under . 
, i think the flyaway issue will be less of a problem . 
this is a very good soap . 
overall this is a fine performing shampoo . 
well worth trying . 
my daughter had one of these some years ago and loved using it . 
she moved and lost it . 
she was so happy and shocked that i found one again for her . 
amazon has everything . 
this flat iron does the job . 
pro 's - adjustable temperature , on off switch , and ready signal . 
none of which are available on some more expensive irons . 
con 's - could use a longer cord . 
heated up quickly , and straightened my hair nicely with no frizz . 
i recommend buying it . 
a great hair piece . 
works well . 
does not appear cheep . 
i am very happy with this purachse and i plan on buying more soon ! 
my husband loves this shampoo , especially the smell . 
he uses other american crew products and has always been happy with this brand . 
it 's almost   10 cheaper in the commissary 
and it 's the exact same product ! 
no joke ! 
it 's insanely marked up online and in other stores . 
this product works great 
i love itafter 
i think the scent is a little strange . 
just not up to my standards . 
this is what i do   prep nails   
i do n't use the special nail prep 
done within maybe 20 minutes ? 
its great . 
pantene really hit the jackpot with these wonderful products for older hair . 
i used to used hot rollers . 
i have even ironed my hair ! 
we pay a steep price for our lusty red haircolor.i would n't change that . 
this eye cream is well worth the money . 
i have tried many other creams and this is the best one by far . 
the vendor sent as promised and would definitely use again . 
i am going to stick with this product for a while . 
very pretty nail polish , especially on my toenails . 
not only for the summer season!really fun and pretty looking , very delicate . 
i used this along with my 40 developer from clairol . 
i needed to bleach some extensions i 'd bought . 
it was my first time bleaching ever   and it turned out perfectly . 
just remember to wear gloves ! 
perfect for my needs ! 
i like the size and the plastic bristles . 
they are so thick    strong 
i can not really bite them anyway ! 
use it everyday   or at least every other day ! 
and try to get a lot of protein in your diet 
this helps also to build strong nails ! 
my altime favorite product . 
it does n't leave your hair greasy like some of the serums out there 
i am impressed ! 
this product looks and performs at the space the manufacturers said that it would . 
my hands are youthful again at a very low cost . 
love , love , love this product . 
the tube is huge and will last forever . 
the smell is great too . 
it feels very nice and the price is right too . 
i would put this to bat with any super expensive department store brand . 
i have tried them all , and i am hooked ! 
try it . 
they are pretty , sheer shades 
this shampoo smells really good and left my scalp feeling very clean . 
for a neutralizing clarifying shampoo , it did n't leave my hair stripped . 
i will only use this product once a month to remove build up 
i ' m surprised by all the bad reviews . 
this stuff is a great affordable alternative to benefit or urban decay primer . 
i do wish it controlled oil better , but 
oh well . 
still not bad , not bad at all . 
i ' m always suspicious of products that claim to have multiple primary functions . 
this is a strange mix of the two . 
my husband uses axe products , both the body wash and the shampoo conditioner . 
this product has a consistency that is closer to bodywash than shampoo . 
i ' m not sure what the draw is for meshing the two together . 
maybe good for travel ? 
i love this product . 
it makes your hair shiny    soft . 
the smell is wonderful ! 
just do n't spray too much or you will have a wetter look . 
i have n't tried the american crew 
so i ' m not sure how close it comes . 
but for a 2 in 1 shampoo i thought this was fine . 
it has a nice scent and lathers well and rinses clean . 
it does not leave a lot of residue on your hair . 
this product is great for a quick shower and hair wash . 
i do n't know for sure but 
after burning it i had to have it cut short 
but like the cut . 
i love it and highly recommend this product . 
it works for me and i love it . 
love it ! ! 
love it ! ! 
it lasted me a good while 
, it 's like i ' m almost surprised i ran out lol . 
i ' m definitely going to try the shampoo next . 
i ' m trying to stay away from the tanning beds . 
so i use these once a week followed by some lightly tanned lotion daily . 
these are great ... 
no streaking and looks very natural . and trust me ... 
i ' ve used my fair share of sunless tanning lotions and sprays . 
enter the flash shiner nail buffer . 
it has solved my problem . 
the result is very satisfactory . 
i even looked like i had lush lashes ! 
clear men scalp therapy 
sounded interesting so i figured   what the heck   ! 
we have very hard water here by the way . 
i have no idea why , but it does for me anyway . 
as with everything , try one bottle and 
i used this as a prepoo per the bottle directions . 
i ' m relaxed    
i 'll updated again.update   4 
19 12i stpopped using this becuase i just hated the very strong smell . 
i purchased wheat germ oil and mixed with a jar of jbco ... 
these are the two main ingredients behind the red pimento . 
can be used on skin or hair . 
just a real nice product 
nice updated version of the original hot air brush . 
great tools , but overpriced . 
does not include some tools you need and includes some you will never use . 
i returned mine . 
i am a really   hard - sell   when it comes to cosmetics . 
thought , since it is free , nothing to lose ! 
well , there was everything to gain ! 
i use this every day and we had no problem installing . 
shipping was fine and nothing broken . would buy another . 
i thinks it is great , and have found many uses for it . 
i absolutely love this eyeliner . 
i ' ve never liked liquid eyeliner , but this is completely different . 
it does nt smudge , it 's super easy to apply . 
it 's almost like using a marker . 
and it does nt smudge ! 
i love it so much , i wear it all the time ! 
i would definitely reccommend this eyeliner to others . 
do n't buy just for the case . 
love this . 
love that it is 
very fresh smelling . 
it really smells like raw carrots and i love that . 
eucerin makes a great product most of the time anyways . 
i highly recommend this for babies and adults . 
very comfortable ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
anyways , i will buy again in the near future . 
i figure the sunscreen is an added bonus with this ! 
i ' m using this daily as my moisturizer . 
it does n't feel heavy at all . 
my skin is softer , looks   healthier . 
not as sharply defined as before . 
i do like l'oreal as a brand also . 
good stuff ! 
and she 's the lucky recipient of the ones i can not wear 
will still buy happily from this vendor anytime . 
in the past , the sprayers always gave me problems . 
i am hoping these will not . 
i can not afford botox 
so i started using frownies many years ago and they work . 
i wear them over night while sleeping . 
with consistent use i have seen a dramatic change . 
my hands are generally very dry , and this stuff has been working miracles ! 
it sort of smells like vanilla cocoa . 
this is going to be a lifesaver this winter ! highly recommended . 
i got this knowing it would help me a lot ! 
one of my all time faves . 
i recommend using a light base color as the first coat . 
a little bit of this dove shampoo produces plenty of great smelling rich lather . 
months.i did receive a free bottle , which i am very thankful for . 
i started it today . 
i just finished my second bottle of toji    
have started on my third . 
so far i have noticed absolutely no difference in my hair . 
i am still shedding 300 - 400 strands a day . 
i decided to take toji because it appeared more promising ... 
not sure i made the right decision . 
i have not experienced an upset stomach , headaches , etc.update   
november 7th    
i am now finishing my 4th bottle of toji    
i ' m starting to change my mind about it . 
i am still skeptical , but i will explain the reason why . 
as a matter of fact , i noticed it getting worse . 
i know this because i counted ! ! ! ! 
i ' ve been keeping a journal . 
i do not wish this upon anyone ... 
it was one of the scariest things i ' ve been through . 
for me this is major victory ... 
not seeing clumps of hair in my hands , drain , or brush . 
i am very hopeful now . 
i am hopeful for more hair , stronger hair , longer hair . 
still no known side effects to toji . 
i will keep updating as i go . 
i actually mix this with my primer and it 's perfect . 
either.this body wash feels good and smells good . 
i suppose that 's what matters . 
anyone looking for a skin toner should look elsewhere though . 
expectations should not be unrealistic for a body wash . 
c ' mon , clinique . 
nobody is born with freckles . 
nothing more , nothing less . 
that said pros   this really is an excellent lotion . 
my skin was super soft every day , and really did appear brighter . 
it goes on very nicely without being thick , oily , greasy . 
just a really nice moisturizer.cons   
two stars just because i did feel as a lotion , it was fantastic . 
if only it would have done what i actually bought it to do . 
i have been using clinique products almost exclusively for nearly 10 years . 
i really feel they dropped the ball with this one . 
i ' m starting this product today to consider its usefulness . 
i was hoping for a less expensive alternative to the other good brands . 
it only works half the time and is very irritating . 
this is a great looking table top hand mirror in a classy nickle finish . 
it would likely be great for those searching for fine hairs to pluck . 
it was so smooth and tingly ! 
my mom and i both loved it . 
it really does work ! 
it smells nice too no medicated smell at all like some other brands . 
i really like the brush being attached .. 
however , the color looks off on my eyebrows . 
it looks gray . 
the quality of this accessory shocked me . 
but definitely not the case . 
this is a great hair accessory made of heavy metal and strong elasticity . 
i would recommend it . 
i am 55 . 
i have n't used this yet 
but it seems like it 'll be very useful or 
at least i hope it will . 
also , the product burned the skin under my eyebrow hairs . 
i would not recommend this product ! ! 
i have not used all the colors . 
i really like the purple , gray and brown . 
the blue is really a teal and the black is too dark for me . 
but i use one of them everyday . 
and the only conditioner that works as well as this is none ! ! 
moroccan oil intense hydrating mask is the best , hands down ! ! 
get the 16 oz and it will last you longer . 
i just skim a bit off the top and you re golden ! 
leave it in while you shave your legs and 
and it seems to have grown like a weed by using m.o . 
cheers to sexy beautiful hair ! ! 
i love this perfect bright yet deep red nail gel polish . 
it is just a hot classic color to have on hand . 
nothing helped . 
it was causing patches that were red and bloody in spots . 
this product has turned her skin around ! 
cleared up . 
i would definitely recommend this to anyone with eczema or dry skin . 
i really like this product . 
it provides volume that lasts for hours . 
i especially like that it leaves the hair soft , not stiff and sticky . 
this is now my go to , flat hair , problem solver . 
just spray and dry with the hot dryer to renew fullness . 
while i was not surprised that it did n't help my sciatica any 
i was surprised when my mouth got itchy and my throat felt warm . 
clearly , my body does not like this one . 
it goop 's up too fast . 
a waste of money . 
this is an excellent nail file . 
works well on real or acrylic nails . 
this is another pretty barrette from china . 
definitely recommend . 
it 's true . 
if we except that truth we can focus on making it much better . 
insta natural youth express age defying moisturizer is one of those perfect skin matches . 
i do n't know about you 
but i like radiant , healthy , and glowing skin . 
product is guaranteed 
so you have nothing to lose but wrinkles . 
i like these so far 
but they do seem to peel off my nail even with a topcoat . 
love this to sooth and comfort dry itchy eczema . 
i put it on 2 - 3 times a day for best results . 
i really like that it 's all natural . 
my favorite hand soap in refills ! 
i ordered this product because i loved the glitter colors pictured . 
but after a long shipping time my glitter selection was different . 
i will use them in scrapbooking instead . 
they set was cheap enough that i never considered sending them back 
but i would n't purchase them again . 
instead i have saved my money and bought some martha stewart glitter sets 
and i ca nt say enough good things about her collections . 
great product , smells nice - very light   no grease . 
i have less urges to scratch   eczema . 
great smelling mint scent . 
it is only a little less potent . 
qid   1361383065 sr   1 - 1-fkmr0 keywords   
abba mint scentsation shampoo 
i purchased the mash plates recently and love them . 
love the new backing too . 
they arrived quickly . 
there was one plate missing and a duplicate of another . 
i emailed them and the missing plate was replaced quickly . 
who needs konad when you can have these at a fraction of the cost ? 
buy these and you 'll be glad you did just like i am . 
the image shows it much lighter than it actually is . 
it dries to a very shiny creme consistency . 
it applied very smoothly and only took two coats for full opacity . 
i love it ! 
i really like this product . 
it 's so light and not greasy . 
works great under your make up . 
i plan on buying more when i run out . cheap!. 
great coverage foundation . 
my daughter also uses this product . 
we love it . 
two big thumbs up . 
been using this for a couple of years . 
neat that it is made in germany . 
very good stuff . 
the honey and vanilla one i purchased for my coworker . 
she has had a hard time finding it locally . 
she absolutely loves it . 
again , good stuff , a lot of them out there , this works . 
really works well . 
i ' ve used many sets of hot rollers since they came out and 
i do n't want a tight curl 
price is right ... 
both sets i ordered arrived within a couple days for no extra money.cheers . 
i noticed the great reviews they get and decided why not . 
i ' m for sure will re order these . 
i found that the struggle was eased with this produce . 
it absorbs well , has a pleasant fragrance and seems to do the job . 
the chances of applying and reapplying this are pretty good . 
this is the most wonderfully scented product . 
i just love the soft fragrance and would recommend it . 
glides on like velvet . 
i really like this soap and it has helped to clear up my skin . 
this is a nice gentle styling spray . 
it kept my hair soft and in place . 
i thought it did a nice job with my hair . 
i love this product it makes carrying makeup easy ! 
so no one can see what s in it 
and i love showing it off to other people 
i love this train case ! 
it looks even better when i use a lash primer beforehand . 
the price is reasonable , especially if you catch it on sale . 
the mascara itself does n't bother my eyes or contacts.the not good   
i do not like the brush . 
i hope that makes sense .   
they 're very soft and user friendly . 
i love this scent while it lasts . 
which is about 5 minutes tops . 
i ' m very disappointed because it does smell great at first . 
the rapid clear   and many other products   
this uses salicylic acid at a 2   concentration as the active ingredient . 
best of all , it is totally invisible after it is applied . 
wonderful , super , marvelous scent . 
there is no need to say something about this cologne . 
i strongly recommend it to everyone . 
it adds a nice pink tint . 
has lots of girly sparkles . 
not worth the extra money but maybe if you find it on sale . 
this was one of my favorites foundation . 
it 's a very nice shade and everything . 
so it will not clump on my face . 
this headband is absolutely beautiful . 
i would have even payed   5 for it . 
much better quality than i was expecting . 
great for hair   65281   
it gives it lift   
65292   life   
65292   energy   
65292   and feels not as dry and more plyable   65281   
i love this product   
so glad i found it   65281 
i love it ! 
very light pleasant fragrance ..... 
great for my skin ! 
it feels supple and like a baby 's bottom . 
try it , you 'll love it ! 
a must have ! ! ! 
my skin is very oily , ridiculous . 
i get black and white heads no matter 
what expensive make up products i use . 
it 's magic . 
not anymore ! ! ! 
not with this wonderful dhc deep cleansing oil miracle product . 
very disappointed in this product 
and i would not order it again . 
very harsh and not buffered , poor visual results . 
i get tons of compliments on my eye makeup now 
and i definitely use this everyday now . 
love that these brushes come in its own bag . 
i found the brushes easy to hold and easy to use . 
my daughter and i have full heads of thick , wavy hair . 
we ' ve spent hundreds on salon leave - in treatments etc ... 
i bought this because it was on sale 
and we were both amazed at how great it works . 
it does n't weight your hair down either . 
we will keep using this product and throw out all others . 
it 's that good . 
sender was awesome , got.mascara quick 
and it was well packed . 
is try it again just to see if its not as thick . 
i just received this today and have used it once . 
i like it very much . 
i removed it by splashing then with a warm washcloth . 
i liked it better than any cleanser i ' ve used . 
noxema is a good cleanser but it does leave a tight feeling . 
so , i believe that i ' m going to like this very much . 
i ' m 77 years old with very nice skin 
so i hope this does n't harm it any . 
i 'll report back later if i have any problems . 
i have always liked the soap dispensers that the soap foams . 
i really like the texture of the soap . 
the soap is nice and and luxorious . 
great invention . 
nonetheless , after using as directed twice , i was disappointed . 
sadly , it also did nothing for my hair or scalp . 
or if you are a buiness owner for your shop . 
this has n't done anything that i can see for my skin . 
i just ordered the 10   instead . 
luv these little puppies . 
i leave them in my hair until they cool 
you can get a bag of those for less than   5 bucks . 
i also love that they heat up in a really short time . 
really good buy . 
the convenience is well worth the extra bucks 
i was looking for a fan brush to apply a glycolic peel . 
the brush let 's me easily apply the product to my face . 
i ' ve learned to use one end of the brush for smaller places . 
i am african american . 
i am not sure what my hair type is . 
it is naturally very soft not coarse at all . 
i have not had a relaxer in 6 months . 
this was very dramatic.she flat ironed it and curled it . 
it looked very nice while i was in the salon . 
i finally had a healthy head of hair . 
i was soooo happy . 
the cleansing wash , leave - in conditioner , twist cr egrave me and butter 
cr egrave me . 
the results were so so . 
love it . 
i went to sally 's looking for some qp mango moisturizer . 
they did n't have it on the shelf , but i saw this product . 
i really did n't want to spend   22 
but i read the reviews on my ipad while in the store . 
i purchased it and tried it that night . 
please note . 
i am not a hair person . 
i twisted my hair and used this product . 
it looked much better ... more silky .   
i had a cleaner look than the kera care twist cr egrave me .   
i suddenly felt better about spending the   22 .   
my 2nd day at work with my new look was better . 
i felt better about my look . 
my husband has n't said anything . 
he is still in shock that i cut my hair off .   
i must say this product has a great start with me . 
i think i am going to order the as i am butter 
cr egrave me too.cons- the price 
this is the worst thing ever . 
are really short extension , does work , and are terrible . 
also i do not know if they are made with real human hair . 
they came packaged in a plastic case with small bristle protectors . 
very sturdy and strong brush handles . 
everything came as described . 
great deal ! 
i would n't be happy . 
i only wish that the package had been well wrapped like other shany products- 
this product came in an amazon box and the original package alone- 
no bubble wrap noted . 
again i can not rate this palette poorly- 
it is not bad at all- 
it is honestly very impressive . 
would recommend easily to anyone . 
if you like a nice sharp bite after shaving , try this ! 
for the price , this stuff is amazing ! 
highly recommended and i will definitely buy this again ! 
and i ' ve still got about half left . 
this is a must have beautiful fine holographic glitter in a clear gel . 
just like vegas nights in gelish . 
goes awesome over everything . 
my mom who 's 58 loves it too . 
bcuz its pretty not lil girls chunky over the top glitter . 
my fav glitter gel polish ! 
great price . 
wholesale shops are double the price too ! 
this was a good deal ! 
surprisingly e.l.f cosmetics has really good products for the the price . 
the eye shadows are very pigmented and look beautiful ! 
i did n't really like 
but i ' m not into brown mascara . 
overall , a good bang for your buck 
i mean literally tons of products 
drugs store to high end products 
i did n't think it would do all that it has done for me . 
skin tightening toning lifting wrinkles 
i was getting gone 
this hardly covered any of my hair , which is long and thick . 
for the price , i expected more from the product . 
this product arrived in perfect condition with no bottles broken or spilled . 
none of my colors were dried out at all ! 
i seriously think this is my new favorite nail polish ! 
love these ! ! ! ! 
once it has dried , trying to put additional layers on is futile . 
also , the brush is just weird . 
i do n't see how this design makes a difference . 
it 's okay but not worth the price tag . 
now with the subscribe and save i can skip the trip . 
these are great . 
this is the best price i have found for antibacterial foaming soap . 
the best part is this soap smells really good 
i was not wild about this unit when i opened the box . 
boy , have i changed my mind . 
i love the variety of settings on this dryer . 
i have thin , fine hair and blow drying is not good for it . 
the design fits well in my hand , is well balanced 
have used these products for about 3 years now . 
i will never go back ! 
leaves my hair so smooth and soft with no tangles after a shower . 
this smells and works great . 
my sons hair looks great he has some curls and they look great . 
i even like the bottle it does n't leak . 
the colors are okay but the gloss is too runny for me . 
i love this stuff , and i used to buy it locally at cvs 
but apparently they ' ve discontinued or stopped selling it , 
this stuff really works ! 
so i bought this to darken it 
and wow the results are amazing . 
it really covers the gray and its a very dark color . 
its great for touch up for grays . 
i would buy again .. thanks . 
i thought this was a great value for the size and the price . 
i purchased this from sally 's for   3.99 . 
the gel is okay when you put it in your hair in the morning . 
this gel makes you have to go home and wash your hair . 
edit 10 8 2011   seriously , find another hair gel . 
unbelievably horrid!i could not even wash this stuff out . 
run away , women , run away ! 
it definitely has a volumizing effect . 
this does indeed have a different ingredient list 
so i was expecting it to be even better 
but i do n't see it . 
it works the same , spray on towel dry damp hair before heat styling . 
i actually think i get better results from the original heat tamer . 
i do not see anything noticeable after using this for several weeks . 
i will continue to use this up but do not think i would repurchase . 
this is my favorite peel of all glycolic , lactic acid and thc peels . 
for me this product shipped very fast , faster than it said it would . 
so i suggest buying seche restore with it . 
a little goes a very long way . 
a few weeks ago i reviewed the adovia dead sea mud mask 
and i absolutely loved it 
definitely removes dirt and cleanses skin . 
i felt totally clean after using it . 
i can not really say whether or not i was infused 
it was n't gross gritty , so no worries . 
as for keeping hydrated i felt totally smooth .   
i do n't know how old the mud is . 
i was n't there , obviously . 
i 'll just have to trust adovia on this one but 
however old it is it works wonders in the cleansed and nourished department . 
again , i felt really clean and soft .   
that 's the point .   
however , i do have an issue with one recurring blackhead   
a definite must have ! 
all i can say is i am hooked ! 
i love adovia ! 
i have just started to learn to highlight    contour 
and i knew i needed a good quality brush to achieve this makeup look . 
this brush blends so smoothly and evenly ! 
i am 100   pleased ! 
thank you ! 
these work like a charm ! 
sharp too , have done my nails as well as my roommates . 
- it worked here ! 
it 's worked pretty well   
it 's not a miracle spray 
i have very thick , curly hair . 
if it is n't frizzy 
just okay . 
i have never seen pets appear to enjoy perfume . 
i also color my hair to hide the gray . 
this hair repair mask with the argan oil and shea butter is wonderful . 
it smells so nice and is very easy to apply to the hair . 
it made my hair feel so soft and look so nice . 
i really like this product and highly recommend it . 
i will buy again . 
wonderful deal ! 
very good shipping time ! 
this helps really get a good scrubbing on your face . 
it gets into your skin.the bristles are very soft . 
first of all i love the bright green packaging totally cute . 
i have this in very black in water resistant . 
you can get the outer corner and the inner corner with ease . 
this mascara does n't clump , smear , run , or anything bad . 
this is my go to mascara ! 
this is the third addition to the roc retinol collection . 
dry mature sensitive skin and after reading some of the reviews 
, i decided to chance an adverse reaction . 
the 24 hour patch test was negative for inflammation   always recommended . 
i choose not to use near my eyes . 
terrific quick and easy way to cleanse and exfoliate . 
great combination from roc that is actually effective . . . 
c. booth honey almond for body care . . . 
sound like too much ? 
i do not enjoy   ' real ' shopping 
very absorbent . 
think recycle and use your imagination ! 
i do notice that my skin feels firmer and clearer with weekly use . 
i seemed to have    34 accidentally   34   ordered two of these ... 
so i ' m trying to use it up . 
however , i can not say this is my favorite primer . 
it 's okay . 
it 's a little too    34 liquidy   34   for me . 
i like a more    34 dense   34   primer . 
this one feels too loose and does n't seem to even my pores out . 
once it    34 dries   34   
it does have a nice feel to it . 
but it 's just a little too    
34 wet   34   for my liking . 
it is true , you get what you pay for . 
i was hoping this was going to be better quality for a great price ... 
want a salon experience then use toni guy products . 
love the fragrance as it reminds me of summer . 
after a long winter this is a most welcome thing . 
it 's so worth pampering your hair and feeling like a million bucks afterward . 
i really , really recommend this . 
its not bad 
actually , i do n't use it very often . 
its better when u put on a primer first . 
its also nfun to mix n match all the colors . 
this is unusual for me . 
it is a heavier product , and a little goes a long way . 
that 's one star down !     
it 's not like my wrinkles have disappeared . 
but they may not be getting worse . 
when i first got this product i put it on and around my lips . 
after a few days my lips had quite a reaction . 
they got puffy , irritated , sore , and very chapped . 
so now it just goes around the mouth - not on . 
i ve used this kit for several years . 
i was nt happy with the shape of my brows anyways . 
you need to get this kit ! ! 
we use this to make our homemade skin and hair products . 
the shea butter is so easy to work with will be buying again . 
34   as for a color build up over time 
, i did n't find that to be the case over the few weeks 
i used it . 
the smell dies down a bit 
i expected great results from the wahl healthy infusions pro straightener . 
and though a serious investment , it was worth every cent . 
hair that had been pulled out . 
the unwieldiness of the instrument made it difficult to get close to the roots . 
it gave my hair more weight than i care for . 
moreover , i question how for how long these strips will be available ... 
a year ? 
then what ? 
wahl straightener did not fulfill my personal needs . 
not the same at all , does nt even work right . 
it was under   5 . 
i have fine hair that tends to go flat at the roots . 
a few sprinkles of girl powder and my hair instantly has texture and lift ! 
great product ! 
i use it in combination with a copper brush . 
most use it three times a week , but i use it almost everyday . 
i have been suffering for three years with the itch and flakes . 
i bought every shampoo and every anti - itch medicine on the market . 
nothing really worked . 
i color and weave my hair . 
i use this every day after i wash my hair . 
i put it on my lower scalp before i put on my conditioner . 
i rinse my hair . 
no more itch ! 
this is the best product out there 
and i know i ' ve tried everything for three years ! 
i also recommend the goody copper brush sold on amazon . 
both together solved my problem ! 
this is n't a cheap hairspray , but it 's a super value . 
this stuff holds . 
this hairspray is no joke . 
i absolutely love this makeup brush . 
the blush brush is way too big to apply any pigmented blush . 
skinfinish face powder on top of foundation.the hairs on this brush are really secure . 
i love this product . 
i love this product , and will continue to recommend it to my friends . 
i ' ve used this for several weeks and am not seeing results yet . 
however , i do like using this product 
it feels good on my skin . 
as an avid gardener and boater , i like the spf factor . 
will i continue to use it ? 
if only because my skin does feel silky . 
smells great . 
my hair has never been softer . 
love it , i love this blow dryer really amazing . 
awesome product came in less then a week 
and she loved it 
so , i suppose one star is merited , after all . 
t make your hair frizzy like regular towels do . 
8217 s a great size and shape as well which makes it very versatile . 
it fits nicely across your shoulders back 
but it   8217 
s also a good size for quickly towel drying your hair . 
the black is also an awesome color because they won   
8217 t show any stains from dyes or products , etc . 
another thing these towels are great for is dusting ! 
they are super gentle on the furniture and pick up every last speck ! 
this is the color i expected . 
a nice neutral darkish mauve . 
the texture and scent of this conditioner are great . 
the scent is particularly good because it is practically absent . 
this also can make the hair look thinner . 
i prefer glycerin over alcohol for tinctures and this is perfect . 
as i make more i will certainly be buying from dr . 
thanks amazon for good pricing and availability . 
i was n't seeing any results . 
plus , the cream is very thick and does n't absorb into the skin . 
blinking and artificial tears did not remove it . 
i do n't use it for teasing , but it 's still good . 
smooths out my hair nicely and overall its a good brush to have . 
graftobian may be a bit pricy but u only need very little and 
it last a long time 
i use this for all my contouring , and even as an eyeshadow . 
love it ! 
it 's also fairly pigmented and 
a little goes a long way . 
these are gentle razors that glide easily over any angles of skin . 
the razor head flips around to follow skin contours . 
there is a nice strip of something gooey   aloe ?   
that helps things glide 
along.i 'd say these are pretty much a unisex type of razor . 
well - recommended for men or women . 
this product really helps to make your nails stronger . 
with stronger nails you can have a longer length , which i really like . 
i will keep using this product . 
this was suppose to be 1 1 4 . 
the box said 1 1 2 . 
it is actually 1 . 
i ended up loving it though . 
best foundation brush ever . 
i can not rave enough about this brush . 
awesome brush , recommend it to anyone . 
the price is worth it by far . 
do n't think about it buy it . 
the handles are comfortable to hold and use and the brushes are soft . 
i really love this color . 
the blush is highly pigmented and very blendable . 
shipping took a little longer than usual , but that 's understandable . 
overall , great buy ! 
worth the money and less trips to nail salon . 
i will be ordering more real soon . 
1.no animal testing.an extremely rare attribute in cosmetics . 
2 . it provides a nice authentic looking light tan in about three hours . 
3 . applying it every other day seems to be enough to maintain color . 
3.it dries within ten minutes or less . 
i have hooded eyes and this make application easier on my lid . 
i would recommend this to friends and family . 
this is also a made well brush . 
i have so many great things to say about this product ! 
i will just give you a few things that i ' ve learned though . 
be careful around this skin near your eyes . 
use a good moisturizer 
my skin has a whole new look and feel after decades of severe acne . 
what can i say ? 
opi is the best that there is . 
axe gravity defying dust is just an incredibly amazing product . 
i am happy with my skin after using this product . 
i would give it 5 stars except for the price . 
the consistency is thick and creamy . 
it smells very nice and dries with no oily residue . 
well , i use the chi pro hairdryer and this is no chi . 
the cord is not heavy duty like the chi , either . 
i am not sure why they advertise it as comparable to the chi , but 
it 's loud ... but most regular dryers are loud . 
the entire unit is shiny and good looking ... 
unfortunately , i had to go out of town that day    
i love these facial wipes . 
i use them to quickly cleanse my skin after my workouts . 
i love that they are alcohol free and do n't irritate my skin . 
they are also great to use to remove make - up . 
this color is great ! 
its a perfect kind of brown mauve without being too dark . 
love these products . 
it    34 feels   
34   clean   
i 'll continue to use and buy these products . 
hair   3a b curly , thin 
this color is so bright ! 
its a neon hot pink and i love it so much ! 
the dove feels okay , barely thicker than regular soap lather . 
this stuff is alright . 
i decided its best only at night , not under make up . 
i would recommend this to anyone that wants to learn how to stamp . 
you should still use a conditioner , though . 
it does n't smell exactly like coconut , more like a hint of it . 
it still smells good . 
it stays works . 
it feels like cheap plastic to the touch 
but it ' s a pretty decent hair drier for the price . 
my nails were streaky , but i 'll give it another try . 
i did n't get a week out of this -- did have some chipping . 
this is pretty pink ! 
i grew up using pond 's cleansing cream and moisturizer . 
this pond 's luminous moisture day spf 15 lotion comes in a handy bottle . 
as it is spf 15 , it protects your skin from the sun . 
it is a lotion , not a cream . 
winter is finally over and my skin had become very dry and rough . 
the added benefit 
i ' ve been using olay products since i was a teenager . 
yet i ' m complimented often on how much younger than my years 
i appear . 
good genes aside 
, i believe firmly it is the result of my olay use . 
no regrets . 
it provides just the right amount of moisture without that greasy feeling . 
good for the price . 
at first there was a little issue , but the seller immediately fixed everything . 
these fit very well . 
i love them . 
i got all the correct sizes , and they came ahead of time . 
my nails are stronger and healthier then before where they were thin and splitting . 
my hair is more shiney and healthy looking too ! 
8217 t be sorry ! 
i think this product was worth the small price i paid . 
then shook opi 's black shatter for about 3 good minutes . 
i then applied thin to medium coats to my completely dry nails . 
voila ! ! ! 
they are rocking right now ! ! ! 
it is truly in the application . 
make sure you shake the polish vigously before you apply to each nail . 
the simple skincare light moisturizer is a pretty incredible product . 
i 'd seen the simple commercials on tv and had thought about trying it 
but it worked out in another way    
i really loved that the light moisturizer was n't thick or goopy . 
it went on my skin thinly , but soaked right in . 
my skin already feels softer and there is noticeably less redness . 
i recommend this to anyone ! 
china glaze is the best nailpolish on the market , in my opinion . 
i only wish that they had more colors that were   adult traditional .   
it glides on beautifully and covers in one coat . 
like all china glaze polishes ! ! 
m a big fan of this polish . 
but with china glaze products , i can finally wear polish again . 
the scent only last a few moments . 
i like the fact that this can be used a 3rd hand kind of thing 
but i ' m a little scared to actually use it . 
but i think it should be okay . 
i 'll try it out and update this for sure so stay tuned ! 
i personally love this oil ! ! 
although i do n't really care for the smell . 
other than that i really did like it . 
i usually use it when i have braids 
and i would defiantly purchase it again . 
it does n't flake or get sticky . 
it holds grey , course hair very well . 
would not use anything else . 
otherwise you will get big globs on your hair . 
this color is beautiful , but the base color is semi - sheer . 
i layer it over gelish hot rod red . 
the color itself has tons of red sparkle and the quality is good . 
it is a bit thick , but the color is worth it . 
no other topcoat has really worked for me like this one has . 
great , wonderful wig for the value . 
it 's really soft and shiny . 
it was for a cosplay project my niece had and she just loved it ! 
i love how this products lays my hair down and makes it smell nice . 
i usd this 
this is a clear polish full of holographic glitter . 
its the best top coat 
i ' ve ever used its the same one we use at the salon 
i work at and its so shiny and glossy and dries so fast 
i like this but here again avon claims it does more than it really does 
but i like the feel on my skin 
so keep using . 
i could n't decide between as i am coconut cowash cleansing conditioner    
eden bodyworks coconut shea cleansing cowash.i purchased both to compare . 
eden is now a staple of mine and i highly recommend it . 
cleansing cowash - sally beauty   
but if i had to chose just one , eden wins . 
.side note   
a lot of people complain about the jar storage for the product . 
i hope this review was helpful . 
this is a fantastic product ! 
it works very well on scars and stretch marks 
and i can not say enough great things about it ! 
i 'd just caution anyone buying bio oil from amazon to not use americarx . 
and i even offered to ship back the half empty bottle ! 
after many emails back and forth the best they would do was refund   
5.00   not even half of the purchase price   
so i was forced to file a claim with amazon . 
i have very thick wavy long hair . 
i absolutely love this serum ! 
it helps smooth any frizzies and just makes my hair look so much better . 
i use it religiously . 
this is my    34 go to   34   product ! 
i like suave products . 
they are consistently good quality and fair priced . 
the pineapple shampoo conditioner and body wash is another great product . 
it smells nice and it gets the kid clean . 
what more do you need ? 
i ' ve used other lash glues that worked - 
i love retinol and have used it many times 
so i do have experience with it . 
there is no way this is what they claim . 
retinol helps acne , this gave me acne . 
do you know how hard a white head is to correct ? 
i have thirsty skin and this stuff sat on top more like grease . 
you do n't want this mess on your face . 
i have used this shampoo for almost a year and still love it . 
i expected this bubble bath to be more luxurious . 
will not re - order . 
thanks to customer images i was able to make an informed purchase . 
love amazon ! 
it is a perfect red   deep , not primary   with a shimmer . 
all the products by this company seem to be pretty good . 
i ' m pleased with it 
extra then you may like it . 
this has worked miracles on my belly stretchmarks . 
i like it because it makes my skin so soft and leaves it smooth . 
that are so wonderful to see go ! 
, i draw a very hot bath that i can barely tolerate getting in to 
i do this for about 5 minutes all over my arm and hand 
it needs to be hot for it too work properly . 
this is because i am sweating in the water   weird , huh ! 
but it 's true ! 
i hope this review helps somebody ! 
it really is a great product and i recommend it to everyone i know   
but they are all too cheap to buy one lol . 
i decided to give this new   professionals   suave shampoo a try . 
the scent is a pretty mild flowery scent . 
it 's just   okay . 
i 'd rather use one of the many other scents that suave offers . 
i tried it today and i ' m 
not sure i am a fan . 
t know , maybe just not right product for me . 
i would highly recommend for any hair types . 
you will notice the differnce immediately . 
greasy coating , like petroleum 
jelly.this is the 4th product i ' ve tried from joico . 
after 24 hrs . , my hair    scalp is oily    slimy . 
i love how roomy this train case is . 
you can fit all the essentials in it quite easily . 
you can pack all your brushes , and makeup in here for easy travel . 
so if you need right away you better hurry and order 
my temples thickened up after thinning due to a temporary bout of malnutrition . 
this is a wonderful set . 
loved it , loved it , loved it . 
this is a must buy for any nail tech 
i ' m a huge fan of face wipes . 
it 's odd , hard to explain . 
i ' m thinking i would prefer unscented over this strange odor . 
easy to pull a wipe out and reseal . 
but it does cause a bad taste . 
be careful around your mouth . 
its a perfect sun screen i found so far . 
its thin and does nt appear like a white patch on the face . 
i think it does the job . 
skin feels good and is a right solution for acne prone skin . 
the hydroxatone microdermabrasion came in a pretty blue , thick , plastic container . 
there is a mild scent , nothing too flowery or overwhelming . 
this is basically a scrub that removes dead skin . 
after one use my face was smooth and soft . 
it did not dry out my face or cause any inflammation . 
the jar does flare out at the top , but this is an illusion . 
this scrub would work very well with an electric scrub brush . 
it is a bit pricey , otherwise i would give it a 5 . 
i was totally wrong . 
it 's actually an exfoliating sponge ! 
it 's definately bumped my brush collection up 
made a huge difference ! really soft and actually feels like natural hair ! 
so i got a great deal on these brushes ! 
ok , so i did not buy this to test from vine . 
my wife wanted it and tested it . 
does as it claims . 
no issues . 
i have an oily face , but i do not suffer from severe acne . 
however , i live in the desert and sand clogged my pores . 
i had tiny pimples on my face . 
after using this product for a week i have noticed an tremendous difference . 
my face feels a lot cleaner and i hardly have any of those bumps . 
it has also diminished the amount for blackheads that i have . 
he was pretty much bald when he started with rogaine 
however , i say let him use it if it makes him feel better . 
it must be is large hands . 
they hold too much rogaine 
and so he uses more then he needs . 
gosh , i love that man . 
i received this nivea q10 skin firming body lotion through amazon on the vine . 
i really loved this product . 
it is n't greasy at all and has a light fresh scent . 
the lotion is easy to put on , no streaking it absorbs in nicely . 
it instantly hydrates your skin and leaves it feeling so smoothe and soft . 
the effect it has on your skin lasts a whole day . 
no more dry skin ! ! 
however , i will be buying more and would highly recommend this product . 
i have liked almost all of the suave professionals natural infusion conditioners . 
they are much nicer than most discount conditioners . 
they are thick and spread easily through the hair . 
they rinse out nicely and leave the hair well conditioned . 
this is n't a heavy conditioner . 
it is a lighter conditioner but detangles nicely.the white orchid is my favorite scent . 
it is so lovely . 
it smelled lovely all day but subtly so . 
the colors are not bright even with primer . 
i thought primer would help enhance the pigment . 
i guess you get what you pay for ! 
worked better with a luffa rather than just applying it straight to your skin . 
very glad i bought this . 
i am a big fan of nyx cosmetics . 
this lipstick is true to the color of the photo . 
it looks fantastic on me . 
i was disappointed from the first day 
i tried it . 
it was actually very clumpy 
so i bought a lash comb to separate the clumps . 
sigh the search continues . 
i really love it , but keep in mind i am a sparkle fan 
and it enhances the metallic shadows 
i use regularly 
it definitely keeps your shadow in place all day 
i like dove products . 
one part of the wake - up process . 
the white ginger here ? 
incredible addition for a killer scent . 
i highly recommend this for an in - the - morning wash . 
i love love love this lotion ! 
i ' ve used it a few times now 
and i honestly think with even one use you can tell a difference ! 
also the smell is amazing ! definetly recommend ! ! ! 
probably could have returned it except my wife had opened it ... 
she thought they had changed the formulation 
this does absolutely nothing . 
this product is like water in a seringe . 
do not waste your money . 
i just love this stuff . 
a little goes a long way 
and it 's has improve my skin in just 1 week . 
i will continue to use this product . 
some people are bothered by the smell . 
i personally like it . 
i even ordered the big one - based on reviews . 
works overall , just a bit disappointing . 
it is very airy first off . 
you are just waisting powder . 
i love the colors and use it everyday 
i love essie but not this mint candy apple color . 
ick!!!it 's so pretty in the bottle but not on your fingers or toes ! 
bad choice ! 
i love the scent but it leaves white residue behind . 
although i have to add that it does n't do it every time ........ 
just like 1 out of 3 days or so . 
amazing brush set . 
i use everysingle brush . 
the blending brush is great and all the brushes are dense . 
i uswe the small dense brush for highlighting . 
this is a amazing product ! 
it 's the best product for my acne ever used in my life . 
it does burn a little bit but not too much ! like not unbearable ! 
i love it ! 
it did wonders for my skin !   
lt 3 love it love 
it love it   
but you somehow have to dilute the 100   one . 
and this is n't 100   which is a good thing ! 
you can apply it directly 
this stayed on all day without fading . 
took forever to come - a month . 
it is a bit strange 
you can practice on it or use it for a display . 
i am over 50 and use trention on a regular basis . 
however , it did n't ' feel ' very moisturizing . 
i ' m like in love with these brushes . 
although it did nt come with an angled bronzer brush and a blending brush 
so that was a bummer . 
but great for the price . 
i could n't be happier . 
i use it on my face and hands . 
lisa eldridge the well known makeup artist recommends bioderma . 
i ' ve been using this every night for makeup removal . 
it is especially good for mascara removal . 
it keeps you from see sawing and rubbing excessively to loosen it . 
it 's also non irritating and does n't clog my pores . 
i have used so many retinol creams out there 
i could probably open a drugstore or sell them on ebay ! 
however , this one is extremely different . 
34 glow   
34   that had n't been there since my teens . 
the end effect looks as though you stepped through a time machine ! ! 
for those of us who can not do the botox , fillers , etc . 
this is the next best thing . ! ! ! 
keep em ' coming watts ! ! ! 
not a bad price , and the shampoo is really good . 
the product is amazing and so cheap ! 
this product is the best way to ensure that ! 
the entire set is so efficient and i feel the least damaging . 
worth the purchase ! 
i am a fan of vaseline lotion , and have been for many years . 
the nice thing is that they are consistent with all of their lotion products . 
this lotion is no exception ! 
the smell is light , and dissipates from your skin quickly . 
as usual , vaseline lives up to its quality promise ! 
i purchase clove oil and like to use it as perfume . 
oil is exactly what i was expecting and i recommend it . 
i am 69 and use it before my moisturizer . 
the sprayer is strong . 
it 's the best i ' ve found . 
provides even more body and hold in a dry climate . 
it is great , imho , as described above . 
nothing worked .... 
so , you know that old expression ... 
fool me once , shame on you ... 
fool me twice , shame on me . 
well , three strikes and you 're out ! 
too bad , because i do like the spray 
... maybe i 'll break down and try the non - aerosol version . 
i bought this brush at cvs and love it . 
way to go , nexxus ! 
it does not leave any sticky feeling on my hair and it smells great . 
these bows are extra sparkly . 
very very strong scent - even inside packaging . 
it sticks to your hands after handling the bottle . 
i had to send it back . 
this has proven more effective than expected ! 
certainly worth trying ! 
i love this line of shellac nails . 
this color is just the right combo of sheer and sparkle . 
very feminine and subtle . 
i love the motions at home deep penetrating treatment conditioner . 
this conditioner also works well with other motions products to provide great looking hair . 
this conditioner also have a very nice fragrance . 
i love the way my hair feels and looks after use . 
this is an incredibly moisturizing conditioner . 
i use it in conjunction with no - poo and set it free . 
, they apply more as a leave in after my shower . 
i follow up with set it free on my damp hair , and scrunch . 
it has brought my hair back to life and beautifully defines my curls . 
i love you devacurl ... do n't ever change ! 
wonderful item . 
it folds up nicely for travel for any reason . 
it adjusts and stays in place and the light and magnification levels are perfect . 
my 4 year old still sucks her thumb . 
the first mavala we had gotten from the dentist 
but it kind of got used and old . 
this smell is awful and the taste as well . 
i believe this product works . 
it is a good idea to try it during the day first . 
i have oily skin so this is a lifesaver . 
i have fair skin so this color works for me . 
i love that it stays closed with the help of a magnet . 
so they 're easy to find on the go . 
expensive but as long as i do n't drop it and break it 
, then it 's mostly worth it . 
only 4 stars because it is expensive and it comes with no applicator . 
conditions really well 
and i did n't have to leave it on too long . 
only been using this a few days . 
so far so good . 
i do see a difference . 
thank goodness . 
i was like a kid in the candy store when i got these . 
it is a nice assortment of brushes for nail art . 
it leaves skin a little greasy , but that does n't last long . 
it soaks in rather quickly . 
it worked , but i must be allergic to one of the ingredients   
i think it might actually be the charcoal .it 
results were worth the effort ! 
very happy with this product . 
the less makeup , the better ! 
she alway 's told me that she does it for me . 
i guess hubby did okay . 
i bought this item based on the good reviews . 
i am a makeup artist and have worked with a lot of different lashes . 
luckily , i was just doing the consultation . 
they looked ridiculous . 
not only that but the lashes do not taper shorter on the inner corners . 
m sorry i wasted my money on this product . 
probably will end up throwing them all out . 
all are a bit diminished in just 5 days . 
my skin just looks brighter and healthier . 
i love this stuff . 
i like the smell too . 
i just put it on after i clean my face in the shower . 
i put it on at night after i wash for bed . 
i have not had any dryness or peeling . 
who cares . 
the stuff works great . 
i love this product it makes you look natural . 
and it also do n't get oily like most makeup do . 
plus it also hides imperfections to . 
get this product 
it 's great . 
when i finally did receive the item it had no expiration date . 
my hair just does n't hold dye very well . 
i used light golden copper and now three weeks later it still looks wonderful . 
i will definitely be using this stuff from now on . 
comfortable handles , easy to swap out the two additional pads . 
what more to say ? it 's an eyelash curler . 
her skin is in incredible shape . 
durable sweet and elegant for me ! 
i think it is a great fragrance for the price . 
use it on the evenings and casual dates 
i do n't color my hair   naturally red . 
else i have to condition it heavily and that obviously can weigh it down . 
normally on my day after washing , i wear my hair up 
so i do n't have to deal with it.i 
' ve never tried dry shampoo before . 
but the ads were certainly enticing enough to give it a whirl . 
this product did not impress . 
i followed the directions to the letter the times 
and i want to wash it even more than before . 
overall , i was disappointed with the product . 
when i want to put up my freshly clean hair it holds better . 
i ended up using this with another foundation that i already owned . 
i use the conditioner at least 2x a week and immediately noticed a difference . 
my hair is softer , smoother , and less frizzy . 
the olay cleansing cloths clean without irritating your sking . 
i have rocesa and sensitive skin and can not say enough about this product . 
it leaves my skin fealing clean , never tight or dry . 
i enjoy the entire line if alpha product . 
my skin looks better and feels better . 
the cleaner is very gentle and easy to use . 
i gave this 4 stars because i do n't really like the bottle design . 
it feels refreshing and keeps the skin supple and moist . 
i have acne prone skin 
i find this regimen to be best for my skin . 
used everyday have more expensive cream i use at night 
but it is a good cream and affordable . 
skin is left feeling very soft , smooth , and nice . 
not enough of the lv or gucci . 
i was expecting magic and did nt get it . 
you should try it you might love it . 
it seems to be a case of always wanting what you do n't have . 
she has gorgeous wavy hair   and wants a straightener . 
mine is thin and straight . 
that bit is what is notable , in my eyes . 
that said , it also did not do very much at all . 
i do n't need a night cream or another moisture lotion . 
it is inexpensive and gives fabulous results . 
i like this item very much . 
i accidentally bought this item instead of the thicker curling iron 
so i ended up purchasing that too . 
i still use this to touch up my curls . 
te quality is great , nonetheless . 
the scent is not overpowering but rather is pleasant and mild . 
this top coat cost in a regular local store about   
that 's a lot . 
so i found this seller in such a good prize 
so i could n't resist to pursed so far i love this top coat . 
i got my product very fast and a good condition . 
did not even come close to performing as its described . 
nothing spectacular about this conditioner . 
my hair felt silky after rinsing , which i like in a conditioner . 
i was not crazy about the smell of the product . 
we highly recommend this conditioner and given the price , it 's unbeatable ! 
this produce has a great smell   
it 's clean , light and seems to stay for a long time ! 
very disappointed ! 
i ' m 
i mostly love the the blemish stick . 
it 's very soothing and makes blemishes disappear faster than just washing would do . 
i might just buy the sticks on their own next time . 
the grapefruit wash was a different story . 
salicylic acid   
it is not a spray or a cream . 
so i am familiar with the ingredients and what they do . 
i will purchase more when my current bottle is used up . 
but which have shrunk to 7.5 oz . 
apply soap and lather well .   
rub hands vigorously for at least 20 seconds .   
rinse well .   
dry hands with a clean or disposable towel or air dryer .   
i also really dislike that it contains parabens . 
if i ' m going to use shampoo 
that 's this expensive it needs to be made with better quality ingredients . 
but i get so many compliments on my unique hair chain 
the product arrived very quickly in exact described condition for a reasonable price . 
will definitely buy again . 
i ' ve been using this color for two years . 
these things are amazing . 
this toner smells great and does n't irritate my skin at all . 
it leaves my face feeling fresh- 
i use it every night before bed . 
soft but not overpowering smell . 
truly not something you need in your life . 
you might call my situation a triple whammy ! 
my hair has always been a challenge no matter what climate i have lived . 
miracle   1 
miracle   2 
commercial argan oil is more expensive than olive oil .   
argan skin care benefits 1 . 
it preserves existing collagen and stimulates new collagen growth . 
people with oily skin should proceed with caution when using oil - based products . 
argan oil can be used to remedy dry , itchy scalp .   
in general phytosterols reduce inflammation and help block cholesterol absorption from the intestines . 
they also show anti - cancer properties .   
argan oil facilitates digestion by increasing the concentration of pepsin in the gastric juice . 
the oil is considered highly beneficial for arthritic or rheumatic conditions .   
quickly.thank you for reading my review 
i really like this . 
it feels very tingly good when applied and the feeling lasts a good while . 
it is a little messy , though . 
and i was looking for a product that would help on my worst days . 
these concealers have helped a lot . 
, it deffinitely helps me feel better and confident . 
it has worked great for me . 
i got 3 of these for a great price and they all work great . 
i really love this color ! 
i wish they had introduced it during the spring 
so i could have worn it all spring summer ! 
i really hope they will continue making this color 
so i can order it again ... 
it is a bright coral watermelon color that looks fantastic ! 
it goes on smooth and has excellent coverage . 
clear scalp and hair intense hydration nourishing mask is well named . 
fragrance is really pleasant . 
bronzine is a pretty - no orange or pink or gray- shimmery bronzed brown . 
very easy to wear , at least on me . 
i ' m light skinned with brown hair and brown eyes . 
this goes on very natural on me and does n't stand 
nude is a cool nude , come to find out after i tried it . 
i need a warmer or neutral color . 
ginger spice is a very pretty warm brown . 
slight scent that goes away quickly and no taste . 
i took off one star because the shimmer colors are not long lasting . 
i think these are made to be more moisturizing than long lasting . 
overall , very good . 
my lashes are so pretty and almost look fake they look so nice ! 
i get the worst stains on my nails from dark nail polish . 
this base coat is a life saver for me . 
i use it whenever i wear a dark polish . 
it probably adds a day or two to the lifetime of my manicure . 
but it 's regularly   9.99 at walgreen 's 
and i ' ve seen it for   
7.99.the price is nuts . 
i ' m starting to realize i need to be more careful on amazon . 
i really enjoy this product . 
great product for hair and skin if used in moderation . 
does not weight hair down . 
gives awesome shine . 
i felt like i could feel it in my hair 
and i did n't see much of a difference . 
i wanted to love it ... 
someone said it was like food for your hair .... and i like that . 
i adore this sparkly polish more than any others i own . 
sometimes i just paint one nail with it . 
i love , love , love it ! 
i like the idea that this product produces youthful radiant looking skin . 
more of a mauve than an actual purple , but still pretty . 
i was hoping for a lavender color , which it is not , 
i bought this based on positive reviews and personally find it   ok .   
they are also much smaller , which is not an advantage to me . 
i can hardly see them on my nails . 
i feel that i wasted my money on them . 
i was looking like crazy for a facial brush with natural soft bristles . 
this seemed legit 
so i got it . 
so far so good .. 
i would ve loved it if the handle was made of wood instead . 
i highly recommend . 
never buy this product 
warning - this will dry out your skin . 
i have horrible build up . 
i use a facial brush plus i get facials and dermaplane 
but it was never enough . 
this worked to break through my build - up . 
i am so happy . 
i never use oil on my face . 
i 'll be honest   my problem with this product could be my fault . 
but i doubt it . 
i usually color them with light warm brown or dark warm blonde hair color . 
or i ask my hairstylist to do it . 
so i thought it would be fun to try this product 
and it gets good reviews , for the most part . 
i followed instructions for using the light brown . 
chocolate - tar - brown . 
my little take on this hair dye . 
this dye could darken tree bark , people . 
you 'll be fine , just use caution also . 
in my experience , those are a lot more dependable . and go light . 
definitely not like the pictures and not like what others have described either . 
there are no hints of purple . 
that being said , the color is a pretty soft shade of pink . 
i ' m wearing it for easter spring . 
perhaps a coat of samuri or star burst might help bring in some purple . 
see the picture i added for a better idea of the color . 
i do nt care for this product because it does not work . 
i have used other eyelid primers that worked better . 
when i used this it was like i put foundation on my eye lids . 
i have really bad allergies and hoped this would work . 
it did nothing . 
wish i could send it back for a refund 
for especially frizzy dr4y hair ai apply a second heated towel from the dryer . 
when cooled down just wash as normal and then style . 
i am very pleased with this purchase !   
fast ship   
my nails would grow but they were paper thin    they would peel horribly . 
so i decided to give this a try . 
this product stopped the peeling of layers on my nails ! 
which i love.my nails are super healthy    growing great . 
although i can not say it just this product alone . 
i give myself weekly manicures . 
i then wash my hands , apply the foundation    then the therapy . 
i also use burts bees lemon butter cuticle cream nightly . 
this combo seems to be working great for me ! 
hope you try this product ! 
it really does help ! ! ! ! 
this is quite a diverse set ! 
takes some practice , after about a dozen times i ' m an expert . 
youtube for instructions , it 's helpful . 
have fun ! 
nature 's gate struck me as a very pure brand of bath body product . 
first of all , the smell of papaya and pineapple is delicious . 
i feel like i am feeding my body , whenever i use it . 
this is definitely a body wash i would recommend . 
my hair is long and thick . 
this one is my favorite color ! 
what i can say is that it works perfectly with the dr . 
i like how natural and how soft this makes me feel . 
and you get a ton of squares , so economical as well as functional . 
there are 165 squares in each package . 
i use this product daily to reduce eye puffiness . 
the best thing about this lotion is the smell . 
kinda like vanilla . 
it is so soft and not greasy ! 
buy this lotion 
i got these right away and could n't wait to use them . 
but i did n't buy the special polish . 
if you file your nails often , you need these . 
they are so much nicer than filing with an emery board or metal file . 
you can also wash them after each use which is nice . 
i ' ve been using this product for some time now . 
it does n't take too much and makes your hair incredibly manageable . 
if the sheets were a little bigger , that would n't be a problem . 
overall , though , one of my favorite products . 
so i use this sheets to remove the oil from my face . 
been using this product for years . 
well it 's been more than 2 weeks and there has been no improvement . 
she states that it also makes her skin dry . 
i know that everyone 's skin is different 
so do n't let my review discourage you from getting it . 
what did n't work for her might verily work for you . 
i have fallen in love with this entire line . 
some are successes , some 
not so much.this 
one is maybe someplace in the middle.i 
liked the way it smells   though it is not a manly scent . 
it seemed to clean my skin fine . 
but i have body hair . 
manly amounts.that hair felt less than clean . 
i received this eye cream courtesy of tomoson.com for my honest opinion and review . 
i must say its probably the best eye cream i ' ve ever used . 
first of all it smells amazing and like cucumbers . 
will definitely purchase again ! 
i highly recommend . 
the color was exactly what was shown online and the shipping was great also . 
definitely have to order this . 
i can not wait to check out the other colors . 
i have n't seen much in the way of results . 
i love this edge product and i would say i use it every day 
but i actually do n't have too . 
by wrapping it 
love love love ! ! 
its a product that spans many ages ! 
this is a light lavender color and not over powering . 
great to wear anytime . 
goes with both dark and light shades of purple . 
the neutrogena wave power cleanser is a wonderful product . 
lightweight , does n't take up much space , and cleans my face beautifully . 
no redness or irritation , which is a must for me . 
i recommend this product . 
the active ingredient is zinc oxide - that 's nothing special . 
the label also brags   100   
the stuff works , but is expensive and does not last that long . 
even dry , dull skin.issue result   
i ' m black and have hyperpigmentation resulting from acne scars . 
this oil is very concentrated and two drops cover the entirety of my face . 
the color in the photo is accurate . 
it took about three applications to get the finish i wanted . 
nice shade for spring and summer fashions . 
this pen set is everything i imagined it would be . 
i ve been dotting myself into a frenzy . 
bobby pin ... youve been replaced . 
not sure what the rave is about- this lipstick was not a pretty pink . 
and did nt not feel good on lips . 
my closet where i store my hair products actually looks like a store itself . 
none where satisfying enough! ... 
i told my boyfriend about it too . 
it was so sad but he was willing to stay with me.thank god 
i came across this aphogee product because it saved my hair ! 
my hair feels fuller by the minute i put it in the shower . 
my thin hair became thick and strong . 
shinyy and healthy looking . 
i was sooo happy and relieved ! 
my hair had bounce . 
its just so amazing . 
a girl stopped me outside to comment how great my hair looked!. 
she said   wow 
you gottta get this product ! 
i desire relieve on anyone with damaged hair . 
you will not regret it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
i did a few swatches 
and i just love this palette . 
can not wait to do some makeup looks with it . 
i highly recommend this palette . 
when i took it off it made it sticky . 
once i use this for a month , i 'll post a full review . 
i was confused about color but chose medium dark . 
but it blends in easily and smoothly . 
a little goes a long way . 
i added some finishing powder on top . 
that 's ok . 
i found myself getting shiny sooner than i 'd like 
but it 's better than a tinted moisturizer in that respect . 
spf is 20 . 
as for colors , that could be a challenge . 
there are only 3 or 4 colors . 
the gene pool has not always been kind to me . 
i did hit the jackpot in two ways though . 
you might not notice them , but i do.a few weeks ago 
i must say , i am impressed . 
everything i want in a sunscreen . 
my experience after two uses prior to day long outings in the sun . . 
.firstly , the fragrance right out of the bottle . 
this product is purported to be fragrance free . 
it is , sort of . 
however with any chemical , there is almost always some kind of odor . 
no problem . 
no dryness and the treated skin indeed felt fully hydrated and smooth.protection . 
no redness or burning . 
i consistently like their fragrances , feel , and protection . 
this banana boat protect and hydrate brings on a new element of hydrating . 
and it works ! 
i ordered the dotting pens on november 8th . 
it is now december 27th 
and they still have not arrived . 
i will not order from this merchant ever again . 
i ' m totally disgusted with having to wait so long . 
i chose one star because there was n't anything lower i could choose . 
total waste of time and money . 
i got this within the week 
wow . rubbed this on my wife , and she was in heaven . 
it was non - greasy , and actually a pleasure to apply . 
the steak dinner i got the next night was awesome too 
they are perfect ! 
just what i expected . 
soap comes out in a smaller than usual dose , which is great . 
most hand soaps pump out way too much stuff . 
it has a nice light lemony fragrance . 
and the container entices my son to wash his hands . 
it is n't too drying either . 
love method ! 
for   6 or so these are worth every penny . 
i bought new conair hot rollers that came with the wire hook clips . 
i do not like them at all . 
these are perfect . 
gorgeous color . 
opi does it again ! 
i am an opi lover for life and this color is no exception . 
the picture looks sort of matte . 
i use this powder to set my concealer under my eyes . 
it 's light weight and does n't look cakey at all . 
i am light tan and the color is perfect for me . 
i just wish this little bottle were a little cheaper ! 
they 're a great price for the quantity you receive and a pack like this 
can last you a while . 
these elastic bands leave the discomfort behind . 
i ' ve been using this for over a year now . 
i ' ve never broke out from it and no irritation either . 
i like it that the spf is 25   great for summertime . 
it 's a great product and it 's worth it . 
the brushes are so soft and gentle on the skin ! 
i ' m just very happy with this order and 
it was at a great price too ! 
i used this magic lotion for two days . 
the cracks are still there but the pain is gone . 
it was truly like a miracle . 
this works really well for my dry skin . 
it gets everything off beautifully and has no smell . 
it rinses off completely clean and leaves the skin fresh and clean . 
wearing long wear concealers and foundations have spoiled me lol 
it foams and washes my face , but does not really exfoliate that well . 
the name of the color says it all ... 
nice pink - based midtone nude with a subtle microshimmer . 
very office appropriate   
this is one of my favorites . 
it really makes your hands look young . 
i apply it morning and night after i wash my face . 
it makes my face really soft , but i have not noticed anything else . 
i did n't notice any difference after i blow dried it . 
i probably will not replace it , once it is gone . 
but if it makes a difference in your skin , then that is awesome . 
just did n't get the results i was looking for . 
i just spray detangler in her hair and it goes through like butter . 
this brush is amazing all the way around ! ! ! ! 
would buy another one in a hot minute ! ! ! ! 
loss of money . 
with great expectations i tried the product but did not work the curler . 
i have long lashes , without any curve , my lashes are completely straight . 
con muchas expectativas prob eacute   
el rizador no me funcion oacute   . 
el rizador no funcion oacute   para 
para mi fue una mala compra , 
no llen oacute   mis expectativas . 
just received these yesterday . 
not sure if it is the plate , stamper or polish . 
will come back and update my review after more trial and error . 
not sure yet if this was a waste of money or not . 
anything would be appreciated .... 
oh , the plates where at total of 26 which was correct . 
turned out 18,19 were missing 
but i got plates 27 and 29 instead . 
and then they skipped plate 28 too . 
just seemed strange .... 
i purchased the red angel plates after these , and they are terrible . 
i bought the konad stamper scraper and that also works well in combination . 
thanks for any tips and comments .... 
i love the colors and the fact that the process is numbered . 
i do n't wear much make - up very often , so need help 
when i ' m using eye shadow and liner . 
i was very excited to get this collection , especially for the price . 
for those who want more translucent nail polishes , these would be great . 
however , i ' m looking for more solid colors . 
i heard about this lotion on a youtube beauty channel 
so i thought i 'd give it a try . 
i will definitely get the big bottle and try the one with spf ! 
a great alternative to white . 
it 's got a little more gray tint than i thought 
but i still love it . 
would and will recommend to friends and family . 
that has n't been a problem for me 
but i rarely have that problem 
and i think it might be because my skin is oily . 
i ' m in my late 40 's now . 
now they do n't and are a bit sparser as well 
i ' m loving this mascara . 
and i did it several times to get the look 
hope they do n't discontinue it . 
for me it did not work at all . 
it was horrible ... 
just dried up my skin . 
this might work for people with little tiny blackheads that are very mild 
but i have really bad blackheads 
so this did n't do anything for my pimples   witch 
i am sticking with clearasil deep pore cleansing mask . 
it works pretty good 
i just always look for anything better that 's why i tried this stuff 
but there is my recommendation if you have clogged pores . 
that is the best combination i ' ve found 
and i ' ve tried a lot of stuff . 
it only helps me detangle my hair 
and it works very well on that . 
but nothing else . 
the smelt is very nice though . 
one of my all time favorite nail polish colors ! 
i wear it often and is so pretty on nails . 
it is exactly tiffany blue and has not gotten thick in the bottle . 
tia a great product 
and i love it 
i love this argan oil . 
it goes on lightweight    absorbs fast . 
these oils are so much easier to use with a pump . 
there is such a huge combination of different fimos in this package . 
will buy from this company again !   
mash that is 
i have been using dove products for many years and quite satisfied with them . 
this shampoo feels creamy when applied and the smell is great . 
it keeps my hair clean and soft and scalp moisturized and free from grease . 
i finally used these recently to soak off my acrylics . 
they did a really good job . 
i have only had this a few days 
but i can say it does make my hair look better . 
it all so leaves my hair soft feeling and slightly shiny looking . 
your face will thank you . 
i got this conditioner and the shampoo because i read the bottle 
and it said it was over 99   natural and good for your hair . 
i ' m a guy . 
an older guy . 
i could care less about the anti - acne properties of this product . 
however , i do have wicked bad ingrown hairs . 
gross , i know , but what are ya gon na do ? 
well , use this stuff . 
it 's hard to find a good face scrub product that actually scrubs . 
i should be using lava soap - 
do you know what that stuff is ? 
so i bought this instead . 
it is now part of my daily routine . 
well , you know . 
valentia even glow serum is my new go to serum . 
even glow serum has made a noticeable difference in my skin tone . 
so i still use my regular heavy duty moisturizer but don   
one step toward beautiful ageless skin . 
i   8217 m in ! 
this is very pretty and girly . 
maybe is n't the best for professional adults to use on their hands 
but it 's great for the toes . 
i think it looks like a barbie party on my feet .    
only complaint is that the glitter makes it scratchy . 
a top coat is recommended . 
i ' m always a big fan of heated lash curlers . 
i have owned several brands in years . 
i am asian with poker straight hard to curl lashes . 
heated lash curler works best for my lashes . 
paired with waterproof mascara to hold the curl all day . 
i like the design of this curler 
it has 2 silicon pads . 
and the protective cover is very nice . 
fresh batteries works great . 
i normally replace every 2 weeks . 
anything the emits heat uses more elect . 
over the years i have used vaseline intensive care lotions with great results . 
this lotion however does n't live up to the vaseline reputation . 
the scent is nice but the lotion just does n't work for me . 
nexxus youth renewal gave me mixed feelings after using several times . 
my hair can use some tlc . 
at first when applying the elixir it went on like a hair wax . 
the smell is wonderful , too bad to disappears quickly . 
then i saw it - 
my ends went puffy . 
i tried using my flat iron to smooth them down 
i got this because of the two - in - one factor . 
after fiddling with it for a bit , i finally figured it out . 
it 's basically a razor 
very sturdy , clean , no flaws . 
its not horrible but its not amazing . 
just your standard run of the mill lotion . 
nothing too moisturizing about it . 
an overall average product . 
the wrap is on the small size . 
people with a lot of hair will have a hard time getting complete coverage . 
my eyelashes are thin . 
i just dot this on the lid and my lashes look thicker . 
you need to take this off with eye makeup remover . 
it stays on all day . 
i like it . 
i ' ve only used it once but so far unimepressed . 
it did the job of drying my hair in decent time . 
i also liked the varrying temperature settings - hot , warm and cold . 
the output seemed pretty weak as well . 
for those interested , it does the job ! 
i would definitely buy it again . 
packaging was quite poor , however . 
the bottle leaked all over by the time it reached me . 
i lost probably an ounce or two . 
i have n't used it as yet 
but i love d variety in colour and will be using it soon ... 
so far i do n't regret my purchase 
i did n't realize that i had basically run out . 
it works fantastically for tightlining your eyes ! 
well , that 's exactly what i got . 
brushes were cute and soft . 
but the smell was horrible ! 
gave me a headache . 
smells like chemicals . 
have n't used them because of that . 
the feeling of smoothness and cleanliness i feel after using this product is unrivaled . 
the fragrance is wonderful as well . 
used this as my heating cap while living overseas in south korea . 
it does have a strongish olive oil scent , but not a perfumey one . 
makes sense it smells like oo , no ? 
some find this offputting , but it does n't linger . 
you smell it while showering , but not after . 
i 'd also add that this lathers discreetly , but adequately and nicely . 
and i ' m now ordering more of this . 
at least in my opinion . 
i ' m ordering this one . 
hope they do n't mess up and send me the scented . 
i can not use that one.update   
it 's a greek oo one 
and it really is unfragranced   
it 's called apteraolive oil soap - 4.3 ozand 
olivella is more   oil   feeling than aptera . 
two great products that are good for your sensitive skin . 
yay.enjoy and have happy skin ! 
i like this product . 
it cleans very gently . 
do nt dry my skin and feels comfort . 
i think i will buy it again 
it will save you a step by combining the shampoo and conditioner in one . 
seems to work well for me . 
this flat iron was exactly what i was looking for . 
i like the subtle scent . 
this is a safe buy for fellow shellac - ers ! 
a little bit gives a lot of lather . 
the scent is clean and pleasant , not perfumey . 
it 's too early to tell if it will really strengthen my hair . 
there 's not much more to ask from a shampoo . 
i would really be careful with these if you have sensitive skin . 
go gently the first time you use these to see how you feel afterwards . 
my hands feel a little funky now when i wash them . 
i certainly would not use this on my face . 
but that 's just me . 
i love this shampoo . 
it even feels silkier   like gray silk , in my case . 
recommended if you can get it at a decent price . 
i saw that change after one use .... 
i also noticed the skin in the creases looked more filled in ... 
i feel the topical treatments are useless ! 
make sure to follow the directions carefully so you do n't do anything damaging ... 
this will be my absolute favorite tool to achieve younger looking skin ! 
how could a brush be so magical at detangling ? 
what is this sorcery ? 
if you have tangly hair , i recommend this product 1000   to you . 
it will change your life . 
this product is amazing ! 
would definitely recommend , and will re - order when i ' m out . 
can not wait for a chance to test it with red lipstick too   d 
, i can not put my finger on it 
but it was not red . 
my hair is crazy bright red , soft , and shiny ! 
so there 's definitely better options out there.i 
would n't recommend this product to anyone . 
i would definitely suggest these . 
they are great for nail art . 
i had never used a natural sponge before , this works great ! 
i love that its compost - able . 
i did have to soak it each day before i used it . 
check out my full review    ... 
this idea is great . 
unfortunatley , it did not work well for me . 
color is vibrant and even though its a matte lipstick it glides on easily . 
kinda long lasting also , great buy . 
i have always loved dove product   deodorants , body wash , chocolates . 
their soap products do not disappoint . 
this soup has a very nice fragrance and is gentle on the skin . 
try it for a change . 
my skin just does not absorb this like i thought it would . 
really has not helped me at all . 
and it smells a little weird . 
thank god for this stuff ! 
really like this soft shade for day wear . 
do n't be afraid to give it a try ! 
i watched a youtube for instructions for use.it kinda works . 
always makes you look fabulous , and the color really lasts all day long . 
great for lip moisturizing in winter , too . 
i use it mostly as a finishing powder . 
its smaller than i thought . 
does n't really highlight much for me . 
so i just put it on top of my contouring . 
now , i do have oily skin so it does n't help with that . 
but over all 
fast service at an excellent price ! 
i look forward to doing business with this supplier in the future ! 
i absolutely love this product ... 
it 's one of my favorite of the wen product line ! ! ! 
love love love ! 
this hairdryer does dry hair . 
it 's really kind of bulky . 
i have tried every product that is supposed to be great for curly hair . 
this moroccan oil hair line is the best i have ever tried . 
my hair is shoulder length . 
no frizzies or heavyness . 
i get so many compliments and people just wanting to touch my hair . 
i am okay with the fragrance . 
in this roll you will get a brush for everything . 
the roll helps keep them clean neat organized and protected from being damaged . 
wounderful brush set and a good price too . 
makes scalp greasy , and if you    34 comb   34   
it through , masses of hair come out ! 
no magic rejuvenation for my hair ! 
not worth the price and the special order . 
mizani makes excellent hair care products . 
i also have oily skin , and can not use most oil based products . 
this product works very well for me . 
by morning , i can feel lots of softness and moisture throughout . 
a couple of times a week works best to avoid buildup . 
the selection of colors is great and the amount is amazing . 
i bought the wrong kind for my hair type . 
do n't know how it would work if it matched my hair . 
this worked very similar to the conditioner . 
great product for my natural afro 4c hair . will definitely purchase again . 
i mean really , lol ... 
i ' ve never used a curling wand before 
and so this did take a little bit of practice 
but it was n't really that hard and   
went outside and it was foggy so my hair did relax a little 
but it still looked great ! 
great buy and good product to have around . 
it contains good ingredients to help with dry skin . 
it 's a large bottle and will last a long time . 
this company carries many skincare oils . 
thanks , again , amazon , for carrying this brand . 
wow what a pro make set ! 
and i think it is at a great price ! 
love the case 
it looks great ! 
i already use maybelline for a while . 
and i think it 's a great brand specially when talking about mascaras . 
and this one has a beautiful color . 
and i love it . 
not so cocoa anymore lotion on the other side . 
i like the texture of the lotion , it is smooth and not greasy . 
i use this dappen dish everytime i do my acrylic nails . 
it holds just enough monomer without the wasting it . 
i am a senior guy who skin is starting to thin . 
while this stuff cleans you body it also strips it of oils . 
the margo soap is superior because of the neem oil . 
dudu - osum is for ages between puberty to about 30 . 
i once did a study of same at johns hopkins . 
i use it once a week at most . 
use it daily . 
everything was as pictured and arrived on time . 
we were pleased with the purchase and the quality of the product . 
it 's not a fogless mirror without that . 
would make a unique holiday gift ! 
it 's great to put in any way 
and you can try different styles using it and develop your own technique . 
i use this all over after showing and love it . 
it takes very little to do the trick and absorbs quickly . 
the scent is fine and not flowery 
so i do n't feel like i am wearing perfume . 
i also use most nights and still feel soft the next morning . 
my very dry skin is looking better especially my legs . 
but it does n't work for my hair . 
the bottom of my hair does really well with it 
but i can not put it on my scalp . 
i also feel like it leaves my hair really dangled 
and i have to use a strong spray in detangler to comb it out . 
at first i was unsure if this product would stay true to it 's description 
but i have come to find that all my doubts have been unproven . 
this clay is healing my face before my eyes and i am so grateful . 
this product really works ! 
very chic ! 
a beautiful gold egg , which the product is housed at the bottom . 
and upon opening the actual container it will float everywhere . 
it 's messy alright . 
but it was stiff as can be . 
it was n't defined and looked terrible . 
i thought it would work better with short hair but i was wrong . 
not a fan and do n't recommend it . 
this product is for my skin ! 
your skin looks amazing !   
i have combination skin and have struggled with this for years . 
i also use the oil after the cleansing . 
love this product . 
creamy dark black , super easy to apply and lasts all day . 
seems like a higher quality . 
of course , the are discontinuing . 
it makes your lashes darker , bolder , more voluminous and longer . 
do not know what else to say .... 
a little goes a long way . 
there are better bb creams out there . 
the price , however , is the cheapest of all bb creams i have . 
i have used garnier nutrisse for over a year . 
the color is true to their description as well . 
so i can straighten my hair seamlessly . 
i did n't straighten my hair just yet 
but still , doable . 
this package has so many great image plates ! 
it was a lot of fun . 
this lotion is quick - absorbing and moderately moisturizing . 
it is not too thick heavy , and not too thin . 
perfect for year - round use . 
the formula really does feel weightless and non - greasy , which i appreciate . 
not a bad smell , just not the natural , fresh floral 
i was after , so i ' 
m subtracting a star for misleading fragrance labeling . 
i like how this feels when it goes on . 
and it does protect from the sun . 
i would recommend it 
i love this lotion . 
my tester bottle was 4 oz and lasted about 8 months . 
in fact this lotion was perfect for my dry skin during my pregnancy . 
i like this .. 
it was creamy slightly viscous consistently 
but it melts very easily . 
have noticed that a couple of times .   
but definitely a good buy . 
this stuff is great ! ! ! 
i am definitely hooked . 
i am definitely ordering more . 
no more itchy skin . 
love the way my skin feels . 
highlyrecommended ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
this shampoo is just fine with me . 
i have wash and wear hair and use this with its companion conditioner . 
the scent is light and there is a good clean feel without being heavy . 
and the conditioner top got clogged   
i have to take the lid off , which is a minor inconvenience . 
these are the perfect tools for nail art ! 
i love how simple it is for dotting and other art . 
i can finally say goodbye to my toothpicks ! 
perhaps users with coarser hair would experience more success . 
definetly worth a try . 
did n't notice a difference 
the box it was delivered in was just a folded over piece of cardboard .. 
i thought not the usual standard for shipping ? 
anyway , the bottle was fine   
not damaged   
i see in the product spelling 
it says priobiotic instead of what i assume should read probiotic . 
guess i might throw this one away and check out others ... 
lovely vintage look , truly jewels for your hair ! ! ! 
this mascara delivers on its promises of length and volume . 
one coat creates fully , pretty lashes that you can wear every day . 
two coats kick it up for a sexy evening look . 
once it 's dried it 's not going anywhere . 
excellent product for gel home application . 
stays on for two weeks and longer when applied correctly . 
little odor an , not like acrylics 
i was happy with the product . 
some body scrubs do n't seem to have any cleansing characteristics .. 
this one has a slight cleansing ability . 
i would recommend this product . 
we cloth diaper our baby and have since birth . 
we were intrigued by the g - diaper because it decomposed so quickly . 
they work great and we have rarely had leaks . 
we do n't flush the diapers , but have occasionally 
and they do flush completely . 
i just worry about overloading our plumbing.i 
they are very little hassle . 
... kudos to amazon for quickly refunding my account . 
if you have very dry or processed hair   
my wallet does nt like that . 
it smells great    all that 
but there are absolutely other products out there 
that are more affordable that give more substantial results . 
i enjoy both and swap up every other time . 
worth the purchase . 
i was pleasantly surprised at just how much i liked this shampoo . 
the clean , fresh scent hits you as soon as you open the bottle . 
it 's just very clean smelling . 
and more impressive- 
it lasts all day . 
my hair feels soft and healthy . 
this dandruff shampoo seems to be very gentle . 
it does , as it claims help eliminate flakes . 
this set even comes with a pink brush case , can you say jackpot ? 
this brush set is definately going on my christmas list . 
i can not stand heavily perfumed body washes and this one is not overwhelming . 
i purchased the st . 
tropez tanning mousse several months ago . 
i loved it . 
i heard about st . 
moriz and watched several youtube videos on it . 
i decided to go with the dark color instead of the regular st . 
i tried it immediately and was thrilled with the results . 
it 's just as good as st . 
tropez if not better ! 
this color is so pretty ! ! 
it 's darker than the st . 
tropez and goes on so easily . 
i used it on my face as well . 
definitely worth it ! ! ! 
omg love this color nice dark purple ! 
shiny smooth and glossy ! 
perfect alone or if you add a little glitter as a top coat ! 
everyone seemed to love the purple glitter combo ! 
the steam makes it easy to detangle my hair . 
i saw it demonstrated on a youtube video and decided to buy it . 
great for detangling 4c hair . 
the stamper does just what it 's supposed to . 
it 's useless . 
it smelled the same , works the same . 
packaging was a little bit nicer but who cares . 
i do battle with dryness during the winter 
and i get pretty pink on the cheeks when weather changes . 
i had exposure to this product when my friend says she swears by it . 
i started putting it on at night after i brushed my teeth . 
but it still was sufficient for me   
i guess i am lazy . 
as for me , i no longer have that constant dry , flaky skin . 
this is nice and silky and i use over age rewind foundation . 
i get a professional studio look in minutes that lasts all day . 
when you open the botton , surprise a mirror and quality puff 
so i can take it with me if i need to touch up . 
i live in florida so this is a must have . 
i fits in my louis vuitton cosmetic case . 
i can take it on the airplane to exotic places and smell good . 
i can carry it to work and introduce other people to this romantic fragrance . 
i am 25 and have been using this product for about 4 months now . 
my eyelashes are amazing . 
i get compliments every day ! ! 
it has a good smell but fades a bit . 
i liked it but 
after a while i did nt no 
i did nt regret buying it 
but it was just okay 
i like konad products 
, they are fun to work with . 
i bought this for my sister who loves to use false eye lashes . 
she will have lashes to last her for a while . 
these are amazing nail forms . 
, they work quicker with an led lamp and gel . 
they can be used over and over again , are quite durable . 
the only complaint i could voice was the long wait to get them . 
but that was because they came from china . 
high quality stuff . 
a little pricey 
but i try to ration 
so i do n't have to buy it too often . 
i like most alterna products . 
the caviar products are my favority 
none anywhere else . 
nonsmoker.duration of use   one month on an average of once per day   sometimes 
no negative side effects   rash , breakout , etc . 
it goes on smoothly , but feels a little greasy . 
a little goes a long way . 
there is a faint vanilla smell that is pleasant . 
it does absorb quickly . 
how much difference is there between brands of toothpaste , for example ? 
it gets you clean and has a very slight odor that does not persist . 
the consistency is thick but it pours easily . 
for all i know this might be a deliberate strategy to get consumers 
so you can leave it upside down when the container is almost empty . 
and i had no weird skin reaction . 
this fragrance has so many facets . 
sometimes you can smell it and sometimes you can not ! 
remember , you have been warned ! 
this is pretty good because it 's creamy and has an almost undetectable fragrance . 
everything done in less than 10 mins , 
this purchase was worth it . 
this amazing little dryer delivers close to the power 
the price - you will feel like you stole it . 
it 's that good . 
i use the seaweed cleanser daily and the glycolic foaming cleanser twice a week . 
i also use their seaweed moisturizing cream at night . 
great for morning puffiness . 
it 's hard to get solid lines . 
i 'll work with it more 
but it really takes practice . 
you take more on off than you put on . 
she is nine . 
mine came in a beautiful burgundy color , mate finish . 
i hope they send it another color this time , blue preferably ! 
and it does n't expand at all ... 
i perfer to use a foundation brush or a sponge from beauty blender .... 
bed head dumb blonde is my favorite reconstructor conditioner on the planet . 
it works on over - bleached damaged highlighed hair so well . 
you will not be sorry . 
every time i use it , i luv it ! ! ! 
it saved my hair from being cut - off . 
works well . 
gets dirty fast . 
i ' m satisfied with the product . 
will be handy in my kit . 
made my combination oily normal skin feel like silk . 
i loved the feel of my skin after it so soft . 
love solid black 100x tanning lotion . 
however , this lotion has solved that problem . 
great product ! 
this is one of my favorite konad plates . 
these designs are super fun . 
i like this company a great deal 
but i do not like this shampoo . 
neat price too . 
i got this in pomeg   color .. 
redish pink , and i love it ! 
it goes on smooth and it is so pretty ! 
folks this is my favorite cologne . 
my title pretty much describes it . 
there are many good colognes out there but none like this . 
if i had to choose only one cologne this would be it . 
it my wifes favorite as well . 
she ca nt stand sissy smelling colognes nor can she stand overpowering ones . 
the top notes , middle and bass notes all smell awesome ! 
take care and smell good ! 
no beads , not watery mixture , 
this is the second order i placed for this product . 
i ordered a larger size this time . 
so far i am satisfied . 
there are goof 
on - sale for under 
it was a steal!pros   
it is very gentle and relaxing .   
b- about 4 stars . 
a nice product . 
waste of money . 
love the colors in this palette . 
i have both the warm and cool palette . 
the warm is my most favorite because it 's mostly matte . 
the palettes last for a long time . 
comparable to mac and bobbi brown at a fraction of the cost . 
very impressed . 
i apply with brushes from elf cosmetic for flawless application . 
wonderful color combinations for smokey eyes . 
maybelline new york eye studio color plush silk eyeshadow , green with envy ... 
i was broken when i got it . 
i like the colors but was not able to enjoy it . 
i love it , love it and i love it . 
bella 's vampire is the deep dark rich purple you professionals are looking for . 
i always get this for my husband . 
it smells so good ! 
and all you need is alittle . 
it lasts all day . 
this is my favorite cologne on my husband . 
this would be a great gift for a guy of any age . 
like the way it works and am always glad to get a good deal . 
old and just too thick . 
to dry was worth the 2 coats . 
it also made using a 2nd color easier . 
this is neither . 
and actually ribbons out . 
i saw this perfume at ulta here in the us . 
i saved my money and finally bought it . 
it was suppose to be a limited edition 
but it is still available in the retail world . 
if you get a chance smell it . 
it is a good fresh smell . 
i religiously sprayed on my scalp . 
it kind of tingled burned a little and i actually thought it was working . 
over the weeks , my hair has continued to shed . 
i was impressed when i heard the commercials and the ingredients . 
this lotion seemed to leave my skin visibly healthier long after it was applied . 
it really works , and mositurizers the hair well . highly recommended . 
this is a great color to addd to your nail polish collection . 
it is a creamy bright green that goes on smooth . 
i only use two coats for a nice finish true to color . 
i receive compliments every time i wear this shade . 
it is a great spring summer color 
but i wear year round , very unique . 
i am crazy about nail art , its so much fun and really inexpensive ! 
neutrogena rapid wrinkle repair serum leaves skin feeling so good . 
it seems to minimize wrinkles . 
i have noticed a difference in my skin . 
it does n't leave your face feeling greasy like some serums do . 
pro - x is the best of olay . 
highly recommended . 
i love this . 
kinda big for my nails but great for longer nails 
but you need to get the right kind of glue 
or it will fall off fast 
i have a horrible time straightening my hair . 
i was about to give up until i tried this straightener . 
the argan oil that comes with leaves it silky smooth as well . 
i could n't get these results out of a   100.00 straightener . 
would highly recommend this product ! ! 
update 11 26 12 
i have found 2 great uses for this product . 
it works great on nails and cuticles . 
i use it under my eyes before bed . 
part the hair in sections . 
repeat only over areas of the scalp needing treatment . 
minimal product is needed . 
honestly , what if hair loss was the result of mis - application ? 
that 's all i ' m saying . 
i wish the hot pack stayed hotter longer . 
i have never found an eye cream i loved until now . 
highly recomend ! 
this is by far the best value for translucent powders . 
i use this product every day and love it . 
why not 5 stars , because it is expensive . 
this is one of the best prices i was able to find though . 
i will not be spending extended periods in the sun without it . 
the product claims to hydrate your skin . 
do you have age spots , wrinkles , or dark under eye circles . 
this product is for you ! ! ! ! 
this bottle is 2x bigger than most . 
i love the scent its very refreshing . 
it also not clear its a cloudy color . 
it goes on smooth and soaks into the skin . 
it hydrated my face after my first use . 
no pain or burning sensation during application and no sticky feeling afterwards . 
also comes with a money back guarantee if your not happy with the product . 
i love the fact that the company does n't test products on animals . 
i ' m a big animal lover 
i recommend to people with age spots or wrinkles . 
since he ran out of his previous cologne , and he loved it ! 
smells great . 
very discrete not too high pitch annoying . 
very light and lasts all day ! 
the product arrived on time and as described . 
very happy with the service   
i would recommend it over and over . 
thank you jane carter . 
using as a preshave which works fine except for stinging of the eyes . 
cleans face pretty well.shall not repurchase . 
do the work but really slow . 
might cause some irritation if i used everyday . 
it is a expencive little botle . 
not too big of a fan but for the money they were ok . 
i have had a couple of them just have the bristles come off . 
very happy with this and will repeat buy ! 
this leave - in conditioner detangles my hair and protects it against the heat . 
this keeps my hair healthy and moisturized - definitely recommend ! 
i did n't realize this was the curly formula when i ordered it . 
i gave this a shot and was pleasantly surprised . 
it left my hair feeling like it was actually conditioned   silky . 
but it 's working great and my lashes are healthier and thicker . 
i have a lot of dr . 
's adorable oil . 
i love this product of avon . 
it arrived just as the shipping date said it would . 
it makes my face feel so smooth . 
this oil was just what was required it met all my needs 
and i would happily recommend this item to any of my friends . 
thank you for a great item 
it also works great on eyebrows . 
it will take about a month before you see results but they will come ! 
this product works great and dries nails very quickly . 
i wanted to try gel nails at home instead of salon acrylic nails . 
my nails look like a professional job . 
i do have thick hair but 
and it was black before . 
it also did n't damage my hair at all 
but it did irritate my scalp pretty bad , but no sores . 
and its portioned 
so then i do not over use it either . 
i tried this at sephora and was impressed at the time with results . 
last you put another coat of mascara on . 
my tiny , sparse lashes were slightly clumpy 
i had to comb the mess out and it was super tacky ! 
i could n't believe my lashes were n't dry yet . 
now i look like i have spider legs for lashes .    
i personally do not ... 
mine have always been difficult to curl , short , sparse , and straight . 
four stars each for shampoo and glossing cream . 
the conditioner is quite average at three stars . 
the products work well separately . 
other than the abundance of shapes i love them   d 
they are just perfect for anyone wanting to have perfect brows . 
decent product considering the price . 
this stuff is ok . 
it has a strong scent . 
not unpleasant but a little body spray perfumy . 
they did n't send it for ages , had to email them first 
they ended up sending me two both of which they charged me for . 
they 're cheap though 
so i was n't too upset , but crappy customer service . 
the designs are great and offer an array of variety ! 
the price was right and i love shea butter . 
i mix mine with organic cocoanut oil nd a little olive oil . 
it is great for dry heals and skin . 
it arrived on time . 
use medical - grade alcohol to keep your roller clean . 
use a mild soap and the serum . 
i ' m looking forward to upgrading 
but i 'll see how this one goes . 
solid purchase4 5 definitely recommend to people who want great skin . 
i was wrong . 
i use this at night around my eyes and wherever i see fit . 
it 's great stuff and surprisingly not greasy ! 
idk how they do that , 
but i ' m impressed . 
i have tried so many products to just be totally disappointed . 
but this one does work . 
dr.song 's gel peels are very good and the product was quality ingredients . 
i will be a loyal and happy customer from now on . 
song 's company . 
customer.thank you for a wonderful product.g.kelley 
it did reduce or eliminate itchiness and soreness of my dry , winter skin . 
it was n't an especially unpleasant feeling , but it was noticeable . 
it might be overkill for people whose skin dryness is n't that extreme . 
i love the color and of course opi nail polish quality is superb ! 
i love the fact that this was the same color as severine in skyfall . 
looks better on long nails ! 
i love this product ! 
after i use it my skin is so tight and fresh looking . 
it just looked like a small sunburn . 
enough   34   to use it . 
i decided to try it , and wow i continue to be amazed . 
for over a decade now , i have been buying this lotion religiously . 
i was blessed with cellulite at an early age , yay for me . 
this stuff almost worked immediately , and i can tell you ... 
when i do use this lotion , my skin looks about fifteen years younger . 
ives   st . 
and they say ,    
, you smell good   34   when i was n't even wearing perfume . 
it was the jergens .     
i was definitely not blessed with good genes in that dept . ... 
if you 're having doubts , cast them aside ! ! 
it puts the lotion on its skin ! ! 
i have naturally wavy hair . 
it did n't deliver the softness i wanted and the curls did n't last . 
humidity struck my hair hard and boy did it frizz . 
i ' m back to trying some more products . sigh . 
love it ! ! 
i put on a plastic cap wrap it up to deep condition . 
the smell might not bother some but the musky strong smell is too much . 
as a lotion , this is a good product . 
goes on nicely . 
nice pump delivery system . 
feel nice , not oily . 
and the added spf is an extremely nice addition . 
maybe i have to use it longer 
but i can not tell a difference . 
the other watch - out is that this product is not water - proof . 
so as an everyday lotion , it gets good marks . 
just be careful around the pool . 
i got this perfume for my husband and the women 's version for myself . 
i urged husband to use his . 
when he finally did , the first comment he made was   wow ! 
it smells terrific ! 
good bargain for the size and the smell . 
this is the best flat iron that i have owned . 
i asked my stylist and she recommended ghd . 
this iron heats the plates differently than other irons . 
i love it ! 
just one more overhyped and overrated    34 miracle   34   oil . 
for the most part i love organix products . 
the biotin and collagen conditioner was good , the shampoo not so much . 
the stuff really dries out my hair and makes it straw like . 
i washed my hair as usual using my regular shampoo . 
it does n't work any better than any other gel product for me . 
it just costs more . will not be ordering again ! ! ! 
i was expecting something that worked better than regular gel . 
i have worn this perfume for years . 
tried others - - no compliments . 
why change it when it ai n't broken .... 
very soft and tender drushes even if they are not natural 
i love these . 
shared them with my mom , she loves them too . 
this comb is thee absolute bomb ! ! 
it detangles so very we 'll . 
i 'll definely have this in my holy grail of products . 
amazing comb . 
i wish i got a different color other than black 
but it 's still amazing . 
i will order again ! ! ! 
tried this because my dermatologist recommended it . 
i could see a noticeable difference . 
it is like my skin drinks it in . 
this is amazing stuff . 
i love it . 
i wash my face first with the facial cleanser .... 
it is really something . 
holy grail powder right here ! 
it 's amazing . 
makes your makeup look airbrushed and is so affordable . 
works better than high end powders . highly recommend ! 
i read good reviews about the therapy ii 
so i decided and bought this one , 
i have very fine hair that is a few inches past my shoulders . 
i like to switch out my products form time to time 
but i always come back to this , 
i ' m on my 4th bottle . 
but i liked it anyway . 
oh , well   
but i like how they make my skin feel , soft and smooth . 
any suggestions ? 
i must say , i am already beginning to notice a difference . 
this is a brand i can surely trust . 
no , i do n't use a separate eye cream . 
they are smoother and much less noticeable . 
the few age spots i ' ve developed seem to be lighter . 
the permanent dark circles under my eyes are even lighter.i have acne prone skin 
i have to give olay a little bit of the credit . 
i admit to not being a fan of dove soap in the past . 
it left the skin clean but soft with less need for lotion . 
actually made my feet feel softer too . 
the fragrance is fairly strong , but caused no allergies . 
i feel that my skin is hydrated . 
excellent product . 
these r some awesome colors   8230 
.easy to mix .. 
u can create some fun colors with these or just use it as is   
but i just can not give this stuff up . 
definitely recommend . 
it cost a bit more than i would have liked . 
on the plus side it shipped super fast . 
this product is just ok for me . 
i hate the consistency of it . 
i think i will stick to my l'oreal revitalift . 
i definitely will not buy it again . 
i like that i can control the intensity of the color when applying . 
i ' m natural 
my hair love this and so does my daughter 's hair . 
but good for the price . 
advertising is a gimmick when it comes to face care . 
cindy is what sells this 
and it does not work . 
who knows what she has had done . 
i love this product , neutrogena wave sonic power cleaser with 14 foaming pads . 
because they think about their products . 
they appear to be constantly evolving , and making positive progress . 
i have used neutrogena products of all sorts for around thirty 
so i could try this out instantly . 
i do n't know how busy you are 
but i get up at 5 am 
i can not afford to waste time . 
i tried this out after splashing my face with water . 
then i put water on the pad , too . 
it was invigorating , yet not at all irritating to my skin . 
i liked the way it felt . 
i used both speeds available . 
i think that if you treat yourself right , inside something clicks . 
it!i believe i read that some reviewers think the foaming pads are expensive . 
it did that much for me . 
it was worth it therefore , and i will continue to use this system.so there 
you have it . 
i liked everything about this cleansing system with the foaming pads . 
thank you , jean 
rejuvinating facial cleanser smells kind of like glue . 
i love their sunscreens , and ordered a few different ones to try . 
tica was one of those samples - 
i tried it the night i received it and was immediately hooked . 
i have really dry , very sensitive skin . 
and i often end up having dry or irritated patches from other products . 
not with this . 
and i swear , it seems to minimize fine lines also . 
it is absolutely the best toner 
i have every used , after cleansing both morning and evening.yes 
, i am a sweetsation therapy devotee . 
that is a combination that is not easy to come by . 
beautiful color , cures beautifully and no shrinkage . 
gelish is the only polish i will ever wear . 
2 - 3 weeks on fingers 
during this time this product has proven to be perfectly serviceable to a 30-something male 
this balm brightens lips and adds the perfect sheen . 
suddenly i look less dead . 
haha works for all skin tones like magic . 
i have a tanning bed at home 
and i ' ve tried tons of tanning lotions . 
this lotion smells great and is very smooth going on . 
i would recommend it . 
i often braid it when wet to help control things . 
i noticed some difference right away 
but i have dramatically improved texture , manageability , shine and appearance . 
instanatural youth express eye gel is pretty refreshing . 
it smells of cucumber which helped me perk and wake up instantly . 
i like how it feels like i was just at the spa   renewed!i 
am a mom 
so being tired is just part of life right now . 
i get things done usually after the kids go to bed 
so i usually end up staying up too late . 
did the insta natural help with the dark circles ? 
well , i have those eyes that always have dark circles under them . 
i did feel it helped with the appearance of my skin . 
overall i am happy with instanatural and will continue to use it . 
do the batteries fit your device ? 
do they work for a sufficient amount of time ? 
not much else to 
here 's my thought on this new axe shampoo . 
it does what it says . 
it cleans my hair . 
but that 's ok . 
i 'd hate to have to explain the incident to my wife . 
someone should have invented this product long ago ! 
it is lightweight and small   fits easily in your bag . 
it does n't skip . 
it does n't smudge . 
i love it ! 
it caused more static.anyone relate to my ' ' wanting to really like this brush 
but ... ? ? ? 
it 's an attractive brush , black and ' ' chrome '' color . 
the length of the brush head itself is four - inches   4-inches . 
it will not be too light , so do n't worry about that . 
great set for a really great price ! 
it made keeping up my manicure a little easier ! 
i have used it these a few times monthly for approx . 
and they are still sharp as ever . 
this is a large bottle of the best scent i have ever smelled . 
everyone who smells it on me loves it ! 
my boyfriend especially ! 
it is just lovely . 
and then paid to have this miracle product shipped from japan ? 
talk about carbon footprint . 
i 'll be paying for that for my next five lives . 
apparently reading them the ingredient list does not convince them . 
please trust me . 
it is not your skin . 
34   is happening . 
good grief . 
i can not believe i fell for this . 
sugar coma . 
only explanation . 
sorry , charlie . 
definitely would not recommend   and not worth the hassle to return . 
i have n't had a problem with this conditioner . 
the scent is a very nice coco - nutty scent . 
works better than an expensive salon conditioner i ' ve been using . 
i love the uv protection i get when i put it on every morning . 
the price was very competitive and i highly recommend this product . 
it has a golden , even , color 
update   6 27 2014    
it was a no go . 
it definitely did n't work as well as glamglow 
and it made my skin look splotchy . 
i sucked it up and purchased another container 
and i ' m so glad i did . 
i was shocked , considering i spent   50 on it . 
and it really does help suck up oil from my pores . 
my skin feels firm and taunt , and i immediately moisturize it . 
overall a great mask to incorporate into my beauty routine . 
edit 1 11 2012 
i wrote my first review when i was new to makeup . 
i love this ! ! 
the concealer is awesome and the eyeshadows spread on beautifully . 
it 's been a 1 1 2 years since i had it 
and it 's still going strong . 
i will definitely but this again . 
can not go wrong with this product for the price . 
they do ship from hong kong 
so you want to order them earlier than you need or want them . 
product was good for helping me detangle my hair . 
that was about it . 
i have frizzy , curly , thin hair . 
it made my hair more frizzy    flat . 
i would not buy again . 
exactly 250 pieces !   
2 little bags   pachaging was very small 
so i made sure to count . 
ca nt wait to use them ! 
there is also a warning on the package to keep away from eyes . 
so if you used these on your eyes and it burned , that 's prolly 
why.primarily i use these in the morning and then rinse with cold water . 
i love this palette . 
great colors for everyday use and enough colors for a great night look . 
it goes every where with me . 
no more single eyeshadows filling up my makeup box . 
love love love this product . 
nothing compares to maui babe ! ! ! 
best tanning product out there for sure . 
a beach must . 
dotting tools do nt need to be expensive or fancy . 
, it 's not the quality spl   
it 's the long nail bed . 
it goes on really nice and makes my skin feel great . 
i can feel it tightening my skin after i apply it . 
my skin looks more radiant than ever . 
this is my second set of bundle monster nail stamping plates . 
i am happy with the designs and the size of the designs . 
having the first bundle 
i run my finger over each design plate as i remove the blue 
it 's a bad plate contact the company immediately.happy stamping ! 
the bag organiser is exactly as pictured . 
i use it for my medium size purse and fits great ! 
i use it as a diaper , baby personal items organizer . 
the quality is great , the item is lightweight , easy to clean . 
i like the variety of different pocket sizes so smaller items are not lost . 
previously i ' ve tried kf diaper bag insert 
and i returned it   too stiff , small tall pockets , not very lightweight 
.there are several colors on amazon to choose from which is great . 
love the cereve cleanser , but the moisturizer is not great . 
stick with olay or boots no 7 , or high end skinceuticals . 
soft pink , perfect for summer and taking your lips up just enough . 
talk about va - va - voom ! 
i really like this iron . 
the only problem is it is big which makes it hard to handle it . 
it does n't make your hair curly . 
it gives nice loose curls . 
.love it ! 
if you really want 100   natural , use a parasol .    
i ' ve used this in the hot african sun and it works effectively . 
i ' m very happy . 
and the price was right ! ! 
even i applied on tshirt that tshirt wet oil touch 
my body burns there badly .i 
i say do it again 
it 's worth it . 
it 's just an improvement over the level of pain ... 
now it 's more like   ow   instead of   owwww ! 
this is honestly the best bronzer i ' ve ever used . 
it 's not orange at all , it 's a very natural color . 
pretty and does the job . 
it combs hair . 
i do n't have very think and full eyebrows 
i bought this on a whim and was happy i did . 
its a nice set . 
this wig is amazing . 
it is beautifully made and looks very natural . 
it looks exactly like real hair , even the way it falls .   
do n't waste your money with any other wigs . 
very good bang for your buck ! 
what a fantastic purchase . 
i bought these and the other set that 's listed on the page . 
what a beautiful surprising purchase . will definitely buy from these guys again ! 
the pack comes with 30 moistened towelettes . 
it only took one wipe to get a deep clean . 
it is surprisingly moisturizing and did n't leave my face dry nor irritated . 
it did a great job getting thick mascara off . 
it also seems to refine my pores , but then everything 
i ' m saying here is subjective . 
so , subjectively speaking , 
i ' m quite happy with this serum . 
i ' m pleased with the results so it 's worth the extra minute . 
i bought these when i first started doing my own acrylic nails . 
i did end up buying some more expensive brushes for applying the acrylic 
and i have n't used these brushes since then .. 
i found it here ! 
it 's a great value and my skin feels really smooth ! 
there is a slight medicinal herbal scent but it disappears quickly . 
love this product ! 
these are greatfor the price . 
they do have a strong smell when arrived 
but i just aired them out for two days . 
i also washed them before using them because they do shed a little . 
for the price its a great starter kit and works . 
i knew i needed to review this product ! 
i love the nice afterglow . 
so many skin imperfections including wrinkles are irreversible . 
8221 , i like this product ! - see more at   ... 
i admit , i ' ve only used this about 4 times . 
my hair is awesome . 
i have naturally good hair as far as oiliness or dryness goes . 
i have smooth , soft hair and some added body now without conditioner . 
even after skipping washes so often . 
i ' ve never tried wen , and i ' ve wanted to 
but it 's pretty cost prohibitive . 
i do n't think i even need to now ! 
plus it smells great . 
this one is just perfect . 
still in love ! 
if this product is ever discontinued , i 'll probably cry . 
it 's just perfect . 
no break outs , no excess oiliness , no stinging or redness . 
do yourself a favor and try this lotion ! 
this little one lasts for a long time and smells delicious . 
my husband loves it , it is very soft . 
keep it away from your clothes . 
like a ghetto z palette . 
depending on your blow dryer cord you might need to be sitting . 
they get in the way . 
iflora comes with a dessicant packet , but i ' ve had it clump . 
a spice grinder returns the probiotic   rocks   to powder . 
shipping was fast 
but i did n't like them way way to small 
they would work for a baby 's hair 
nice to receive 4 pieces for such a low price . 
easy to hold . 
my skin looks renewed , alive ! 
it is wonderful . 
yup , this product is good ! ! 
i like how my face feels right after using this product . 
it feels so clean and smooth . 
and the pad refills could get quite expensive over time . 
in the past we ' ve had liquid soaps and bar soaps . 
but this stuff is awesome ! 
i love the applicator ! 
great color . 
, i do not mind one bit ! 
i always keep this handy now as i am painting my nails . 
this can fix that ! 
the reviews on this item are great , supposed to rejuvenate my aging hair . 
this is a good brush ! 
its definitely synthetic , but gets softer after the first wash . 
i mean its not hard at all 
but i like them real soft lol 
love love this brush ! 
so ridiculously soft and glides on smooth . 
can not wait to try other sigma products ! 
i have naturally oily hair to begin with . 
my hair never felt so amazing ! 
it did n't leave my hair feeling oily at all . 
it 's been very smooth with very little frizz . 
this is definitely a product i 'll make sure to never run out of ! 
not only are the bristles soft 
but this is the best brush 
i ' ve found to really buff your foundation into your skin . 
i also use this to blend my concealer in . 
it gives the skin a very airbrushed look . 
not too much , mind you . 
it really is a quality brush for the price . 
huge , fluffy brush . 
i use it for blush and it works well   
these artifical nail trimmers do their job and are pretty cute too . 
the rubber is a little sheer on the handels but that s okay . 
she 's ever owned . 
she 's able to get superior results in half the time with this . 
it 's definitely built solidly too . 
she commented on that , 
so i picked it up   
that 's about all i can do with it after all   
and it was surprisingly solid and well-made.all-in-all , 
it is n't hype . 
the salux is an effective and unique product . 
it does a wonderful job of exfoliating . 
great product for anyone who would like softer skin . 
the only issue i had was the color . 
i ordered medium and it was too dark . 
be aware that it also requires you to buy a powder and a remover . 
they always leave me either still shiny or cakey - looking . 
anyone who has acne should give this a shot . 
it sounds kinda scary but is n't . 
my skin was a complete wreck because i tried out the oil cleansing method . 
i expected some purging 
but it seemed to bring out 30 years worth of gunk onto my face . 
every single pore was clogged and i had huge pimples and marks galore . 
i used it every five days . 
it stings every single time ! 
it feels as if there are a 100 ants biting the face . 
a lot of the marks have faded as well . 
so i have hope that my skin will continue improving.the side effects were manageable . 
awesome file ! 
leaves nails smooth and works well without having to press hard . 
i 'll be buying more ! 
most detangling sprays seem too watery and ineffective . 
i sometimes spray a little in my hair if it feels dry . 
the romers are true . 
in the summer it works really well with the oil your face naturally creats   
it stops the oil from breading through and looking greases . 
ok so i just put this on the small zits and it dries out . 
it has to be re applied more than once 
but it does the trick . 
recommended.i have used this to set my l'oreal true match liquid makeup for years . 
but it is a lot cheaper ! 
best of all , my make - up stays on for about 10 hours . 
i love this palette of colors . 
i especially love chopper , which i think another reviewer also adored . 
the colors have amazingly deep pigmentation . 
a little goes a long way . 
some of these colors have shimmer , but not extreme , so 
i look put together and fashionable without looking like i am trying to be 
a bit conditioned - ish .. 
but it did not make it shine like the top of the chrysler building . 
i love the smell , how much if lathers and the feel . 
you have to layer this a bit as it is very light 
but it does work . 
i ' ve never been a fan of petroleum based pomade products 
layrite fits the bill perfectly . 
that being said , layrite holds up very well in the heat . 
so i ' 
i ' ve seen this issue before   
lot ' sa people seem to have acne scarring there . 
, i 'd just get more scars later from more acne , 
all the time.because 
i ' m not fond of going to dermatologists   mostly cause of money 
, i did my research and stumbled upon peels and in particular glycolic peels . 
i ' m seriously considering not even wearing makeup . 
this stuff is that good . 
but you really do get a good amount of product for your money . 
does what i need it to do . 
the only minus was that the color was darker than the picture .. 
this texturing spray leaves my hair way too messy looking . 
maybe its my age   fifty plus   
but i prefer a smoother more tamed look . 
as to the smell i thought it was fine so no complaints there . 
pricecons 1 . would probably fit a child better than an adult2 . 
easily breakable3 . 
get stuck in hairhow to put it on without breaking 1 . 
i pulled mine into a low ponytail.3 . 
style your hair with the headband around your neck.4 . 
i like it alot more as a necklace . 
and it 's really great ! 
it has a cool shot , different brush attachments , etc . 
no complaints ! 
aussi 3 minute miracle worked great . 
then i decided to just substitute the aussi product totally . 
instanatural also has a very pleasant faint scent that disappears within minutes of application . 
this serum glides on my skin and absorbed quickly . 
this vitamin c does n't feel greasy . 
i love it under my makeup because vitamin c also is a great sunscreen ! 
look at me being all smart and responsible with my skin ! ! 
check my full review at   ...   
all opinions are 100   my own . 
i love the idea of a touch - free soap dispenser . 
really smart technology in a small , affordable package . 
the soap foams up and cleans greasy hands or pots and pans well . 
i am not sure if they have a better scent   
- i saw this on the shelf of my local super market . 
they have refills in different scents . 
all of which are better than orange nehi ! 
then i ' m pretty confident in saying a toner this is not . 
however , i looove it ! 
it 's closer to a peel ... like , acid peel . 
but it 's closer to a peel than it is to a toner.the bottle 
34   so like an idiot 
, i dabbed it on my finger and then applied to my skin . 
do n't do that . 
j k - i ' m not a criminal !   
but for real ... 
reluctantly   enters the cotton ball ... 
i actually do n't know what this product is    34 
supposed   34   to be used for ... 
but here 's how i ' ve been enjoying it ... for starters 
, i have adult acne    
i have a terrible habit of picking at it . 
that has pretty much put an end to pesky ingrowns . 
victory is mine ! 
i have acne breakouts 
i apply this to the affected area    
it dries everything up pronto ! be warned ... 
it works great , but causes massive peeling . 
i just use tiny tweezers and slowly get the giant flakes off . 
i bet there are likely dozens of uses for this chemical mixture . 
just be careful 
it 's also great for when you have a black shirt dress on that 
is sleeveless   will not leave deodorant marks . 
if you want a manly hairdryer then i guess this fits the bill . 
it does have manly color - evokes feelings of a red corvette . 
it is substantial weight and feels good in the hands . 
but , since my wife has a hairdryer to be honest 
they do not overdry my sensitive skin nor do they irritate my skin.while 
i ' m a 32 yr caucasian female , 18 months post pregnancy . 
i was 23 . 
this product smells great and makes my hair light and soft . 
i love to touch it . 
that is the main reason i purchased it . 
so i do n't know where to go from here . 
product separation is a sign that it 's past the expiration date . 
even on the skinmedica website it warns of purchasing from resellers . 
but there are various sellers here 
so i guess you 're taking a chance . 
the white cast is very minimal and not noticeable on my fair skin . 
i prefer tinted physical sunscreens though 
my nails are not very strong 
so i bought this product to try . 
i knew it was from the product . 
do not use this product . 
i love the way my skin looks after using this product . 
i use it 1 - 2 times a week . 
did not affect me in the face .. 
debut left him 2 minutes ... did not affect me in the face .. 
... did not love him and shocked and will noti buy it again 
it feels sticky on my face and i do n't like the feel . 
i always had to put another cream over this . 
i love it , what can i say . 
i received my order 3 days after ordering it . 
it arrived very will packaged and works wonderful . 
very powerful and easy to use . 
very happy with my purchase and definitely recommend this nail drill . 
the product is smooth and really does last all day . 
3.4 ounces of any cologne costs three times this price if not more . 
sorry amazon , 
i ' m a good customer though i swear !   
and for the price , you can not beat 3.4 ounces of this stuff . 
the notes that amazon has listed are citrus , greens , and amber . 
but i would n't give it any more time than that . 
even the cheap fragrances have their purpose . 
this one happens to smell very good to boot ! 
i do n't recommend this makeup . 
it 's too thick , to start with . 
it highlighted every small flaw and looked too thick and   makeup - like . 
i would love these if they did not smell so strong of solvent . 
i was getting really desperate . 
i do n't know if it 's my hair type . 
i have mostly gray hair which as i said is processed . 
none of the above products made any difference . 
my hair was dry and 
i was scared to death because my hair was getting thinner everday . 
.... nothing ! 
after one use of both products i could n't believe the difference . 
i did my usual routine , and almost no hair breakage when i flatironed . 
my hair was soft and shiny ! 
out of curiosity to see how long the effects last   ie . 
so far i ' m having good results . 
also , my nails split on a few that would weaken them . 
and it worked rather well . 
i think it would help my face if i could just do it everyday . 
love it ! 
maybelline is amazing and all its products i personally love ! 
use it with my contouring kit ! 
and it adds a glow to any makeup . 
i was soo excited to get these ... 
this is the best facial cleanser i have tried . 
i have purchased about 6 or 7 times now and my skin looks great . 
not so much what this has in it but what the ph is . 
most are 7 , 8 or higher - more alkaline . 
many companies formulate their cleansers that way to avoid eye irritation . 
aha , vitamin c product or retin - a . 
harsh , yes , 
and i did get chapped skin . 
i do not wear any makeup 
i will continue my regimen , it works for me . 
maybe this tried and true product will work for you . 
i like the color 
it 's a sweet pink 
but not overbearing.i feel like u have to build the color it is light but 
for the price , i do n't think i could ask for much more . 
this is the first bottle of black nail polish 
it applies evenly and is a great plain black . 
this is a wonderful product for the price ! 
there is auto shut off after 60 minutes   which i need !   
and i have very long hair .   
i do use styling product as well . 
i really like this kit a lot ! 
the cream leaves your face feeling hydrated and not stripped . 
the cream is so silky ! 
so it lasts a long time . 
there is a bit of sparkle to it which brightens your eyes . 
i actually think this makes my skin blotchier reddier . would not recommend ! 
i have combination skin with an oily t - zone . 
it 's creamy and does a good job of lifting . 
it 's the only brand of developer that i trust to deliver consistent results . 
seller ships fairly fast ! 
i do n't mind respraying though     
i get lots of compliments on this 
but i think ill try some different ones before i repurchase this one . 
deffinately way better than the original .... 
that one smells like old people to me . 
have n't seen much progress . 
i will admit that i do not use everyday . 
wonderful product love it . 
it get very , very hot a produces tight wonderful spiral curls . 
i just love to do my hair with it and the curls last forever . 
i love this headband ! 
i bought two , for me    my girls ! 
it is very pretty , nice detailed work . 
i 'll probably order a few more for my sister law and neice . 
i ' ve always had a problem with my hair getting tangled . 
i ' m really liking the tt so far . 
i ' m very pleased with it ! 
great shampoo and conditioner in 1 product . 
let me tell you , it does not work like that . 
i ' m not even sure that makes sense . 
look i can not complain that the scent is different . 
i really had preferred the scent to most others i have . 
that is why i ordered it again . 
i even have had sarah jessica parkers other scent dawn . 
but this time this perfume 's scent does not last . 
it may last 15 minutes tops . 
i just will not order this product again . 
bumble hair products are the only product i use on my hair . 
no stiffness . 
just natural hold 
this is a really great buy ! 
it 's such a fun , functional , easy to use piece ! 
it should be in every girls hair care regime ! 
the prettiest , alluring , feminine , scent i have ever sniffed ! 
has a nice light scent that stays throughout the day . 
great product that does n't leave my skin overly dry . 
not sure i will buy this again . 
i will update after i use it a bit 
this works really well 
i alternate with the nioxin 
this satisfies . 
i ' m 28 now . 
i ' ve been using this since i was 15 . 
i ' ve tried others , but always come back . 
i like how this easily applies , not too dark , not too light . 
i also like how it comes off when you need it to . 
it 's ze best ! 
i do n't see much to the name age defy -- talk about hype . 
i think there 's way too much emphasis on looking staying young these days . 
i can not imagine a shampoo being a life saver . 
they work fine in general . 
thankfully , amazon vine provides test products for free . 
great idea ! 
i ' ve bought this at macy 's for more money . 
my kids have really dry skin in the winter with patches of eczema . 
i have a hard time finding things that work that are convenient . 
i think if he 'd let me use it several times a day 
and we got the major dryness away that would n't be an issue 
which i do n't like so much . 
she uses it before bed and puts socks on her hands 
and she 's good to go . 
that one application each day is enough . 
i also like it pretty well . 
i like that it 's not greasy or super thick like other eczema cream 
so i think 
i ' m 
okay with that , 
and i could only use it before bed . 
this stuff i can slather on at any time 
and it soaks in fairly quickly.it 
after careful sniffing we decided it was more like an oatmeal like scent . 
because it 's so light 
it 's not a real issue for me . 
we ' ve had it a little less then a month 
these brushes work very well . 
the bristles are n't too hard or too soft . 
they really make makeup application very easy . 
do not buy ! seems like a bargain .... 
at first i loved this curling iron , it did its job . 
and it does nt even heat up anymore . 
i am very pleased with this purchase . 
gives beautiful long lasting curls . 
it does not irritate even the most sensitive skin . 
love my clarisonic ! 
not every red has to mean you are ready to get down . 
color is true to the picture . 
this product works really well to hide under eye circles . 
very creamy , goes on easy . 
i really like it . 
however , i decided to get it directly from southbeach instead of amazon . 
i had very little expectations and i was very pleasantly surprised . 
the 17-second guarantee of smooth skin actually works ! 
my wrinkles do seem to disappear , until i wash my face off . 
the lack of spf is a minor inconvenience . 
it has simplified my life immensely . 
but my review is a genuine review and will be updated in the future . 
these colors are so pretty ! 
there very silky and easy to apply ! 
the colors are very pigmented and good quality 
was the slightly sticky residue it left behind , even hours after application . 
i like it for just a little extra conditioning once in a while . 
it smells good too . 
this scrub has a nice citrusy smell and seems to exfoliate really well . 
once i rinse , my skin feels soft but it looks red . 
but i felt some itching during the day . 
i learned that using it at night is my best choice . 
my skin is fairly sensitive and i hav n't had any problems . 
my husband and i tried this product along with the corresponding shampoo . 
this is the first product that he said actually makes a difference . 
yet most of the shades is glittery . 
i expected more matte 
but it 's still a very nice palette . 
i really like this biore cleanser . 
and i was absolutely surprised at how smooth it left my skin . 
and i ' 
m addicted . 
it 's great in my hair and drys it up real quickly . 
and you can not tell . 
this goes on the nails beautifully 
so that was a definite negative ! 
but to make your skin younger looking and firmer is a plus ! 
it is much too dark . 
i usually buy true match and blend 2 shades to get the right color . 
i also tried n8 color which is too orange . 
who makes a nice   matte   foundation in walnut brown ? 
that is the color i want . 
no orange or red undertone , but a nice medium coverage brown . 
i might switch to revlon . 
i ' m 42 and have a few fine lines . 
the scent is not great but not too strong either . 
overall , i ' m satisfied , and pretty realistic . 
i ' m not sure if i 'd purchase it again . 
it smells good , but nothing like the sea or salt or anything . 
it is more of a flower soapy smell . 
it is white , just like salt , but is not gritty like salt . 
it is smooth . 
i have dry curly hair 
so i have to use a conditioner always . 
i have good ringlets with this routine . 
i received this product for free in exchange for an unbiased review . 
i love this item and have them in different sizes . 
my roots were red , and my ends were black , lol . 
i needed to use bleach to lighten my ends . 
wish it mentioned it in the description , but i took a risk . 
i love this clay ! 
you can really feel that it 's working which i like . 
that little fact does n't stop me from using it however . 
my skin is smooth and brighter using this clay . 
it also feels really clean which is what i want in a deep cleanser . 
try it ! 
but it works super well and is very easy to use . 
it can burn a little if kept too long over the nail surface . 
when i decided to buy one i was lost . 
i glad i did n't , i am very satisfied with this one . 
covers lines and dark coloring under my eyes great ! 
i just make a single line under each eye and rub it right in . 
a little goes a long way . 
i spend a lot on these products as i am .. 
an no is not as i expected 
.. did not work for me at all .honestly 
your hair feels and look dry . 
i just started using it about a month ago . 
no noticeable difference in wrinkle reduction but also , no bad side effects . 
i like the smell of this product , and it goes on smoothly . 
my skin has changed drastically in the last few years . 
priced at   20 
it is on the cheaper side for an anti - aging moisturizer . 
the cream has a thick but silky feel to it . 
i rubbed a small amount onto my face to test it 
and i liked the way that it felt . 
my skin definitely has softened . 
in particular my forehead which has been feeling dry and   stretched . 
maybe companies should start saying   no added fragrance   instead of fragrance free . 
the scent is light and smells slightly floral to me . 
i definitely recommend trying it . 
this is the first time i have tried this . 
it does a great job removing dirt and makeup . 
not attractive ! 
i was drawn to try this cream because of the list of natural ingredients . 
every feel like your skin is ' pulling ' ? 
this cream will take care of that . 
it has a very slight odor in the jar , which disappears when applied . 
i have no contrast with this cream and wearing perfume . 
it released easily , there was no sticking at all . 
very impressed with this product . 
have been using john frieda precision foam and liked it a lot 
the color is gorgeous - it is still a bit dark 
great ! ! ! 
this review is for the dove men    care 
gel.this gel has a mild , nice scent . 
i did not expect a lot from this shampoo . 
this shampoo dispelled my concerns . 
it left my hair feeling soft and clean , not dried out . 
this is a very good shampoo ! 
first off , i wish i could have chosen my color of brush . 
but that being said we love this brush . 
it is no longer a struggle to brush my daughters hair . 
omg this is so much better . 
makes for brushing out those tangles so easy . 
thanks wet brush for making our mornings tear free ! 
i have never dried my hair faster . 
this soap is smooth , suds well and does not leave a residue . 
teamed up with the bleach cream , it makes you feel great . 
my family has always been using banana boat sunblocks for years . 
great product that offers protection and smells great too ! 
i am very happy with these scissors . 
i bought them to trim my own hair so it 's not for professional use 
and i am happy with the quality . 
this stuff really works ! 
this stuff is different . 
this color reminds me a lot of my favorite opi color , bogota blackberry . 
it 's a deep burgundy , with a slight shimmer to it . 
very pretty ! 
yes , it 's not available anymore and i did love it ... 
it 's so unique a product ... 
grapefruit burst n opening , followed by woodsy , green accord . 
this is the earthy cologne by which all others are measured . 
this is a mans scent . 
that is amazing !   
now , this is not a teen fragrance . 
even my husband was impressed after he felt the results . 
instructions say to use weekly but i can hardly wait to use again ! 
smells lovely as well . 
i ' ve used the product a total of 3 times now ... 
why so few ? 
for my skin , this stuff is worth its weight in gold . 
for folks who have commented they they broke out after 
everyone 's skin is different , 
i 'll probably end up being a ren junkie . 
we 'll see . 
i received a massage on my sore muscles with it   
no heat , no coolness ... 
this did n't kick in until about 10 minutes after i had applied it . 
this is my go - to oil . 
this one is my absolute favorite ! 
if you try it once , you will be hooked ! 
they claim it dries clear but it does n't . 
hard to believe anyone would put something so awful on the market . 
ok it 's spf 58 
it also stains your clothes the same awful beige tan color , nice ! 
stay away ! 
my daughter love this - she got it for her 15th b - day . 
she uses it at least 3 - 4 times a week . 
she uses a remington straightener the rest of the time . 
she loves them both . 
she watched a few videos on how to use this prior to getting it . 
some complain , but they just do n't know how to use it . 
it works well . 
stunning scent . 
i am keeping it in the refrigerator . 
i feel happy every time i see the bottle in the fridge . 
i really like these ! 
the glue is great , too . 
i cut mine down , but these looked very natural on me . 
it comes with two tubes of glue , too , which is great . 
this conditioner is not moisturizing enough for my dry , color - treated hair . 
hopefully it will be recycled , and not in the landfill , but either way 
, it 's 1 bottle in place of 2 or more ...   
no allergic reactions , break outs or dry skin . 
i switched brushes so i can stop saying that every morning . 
i might pitch this one . 
i recently   big - chopped   after transitioning for one year . 
the tub reseals for easy storage and transport of 300 bobby pins ! 
bobby pins are sturdy and durable . 
great value ! ! 
bobby pins can be reused and reused . 
awesome product and quality . 
my skin has never looked better . 
it does what it says . 
it does work on pimples that are just beginning .. 
completely gone in less than 3 days . 
works well . 
such a pretty pink color . 
lacoste essential is a great perfume as lacoste makes great products . 
i love this , ladies . 
i have sensitive skin and i also need a great cover . 
i was so shocked at this coverage . 
i love it and compare it , hip to hip , with mac ... 
i promise you , this is a great product for a woman of color . 
i have ordered more .... 
i love neutral eye colors - i think they make all eye colors pop . 
and i like them , so when i saw this palette i was excited . 
all these colors in one palette ? 
wow!i was actually confused when it arrived at my door ... 
it was packaged differently then what i was expecting .... 
i actually thought i got a book ! 
a bubble wrap bag surrounded it and then placed inside a cardboard book shipper . 
i did n't purchase the container ... 
i purchased the eye shadows.this palette is huge . 
for the price you will pay for this - i feel it 's definitely worth 
it!as far as the colors go - they are all amazing . 
you get mattes and shimmers . 
i 'd definitely recommend this palette if you 're looking for neutral colors ! 
this is not organic . 
it also does not smell like any of the other jojoba oil 
i ' ve used . 
it has a rancid smell whereas most jojoba has a neutral odor . 
i would suggest using another brand . 
this is a wig cap . 
it is exactly as it appears in the picture . 
it fits tightly and appears to be good quality . 
it 's basically just hose for your head . 
i also have skin that tends toward the dry side . 
it was just too drying for my skin . 
there was very little moisture added by the serum . 
the moisturizer was next , and again - no sensitivity issues . 
unfortunately , there was also just not enough moisture . 
it is just not enough moisture for my dry skin . 
el producto lleg oacute   perfectamente sellado , el frasco es original 
y para ser agua de colonia tiene un olor perdurable . 
i love my brow wiz . 
it does n't break out my face nor dry it out . 
a little goes a long way . 
my skin looks refreshed from it . 
i have korean combo skin , can get oily in the t - zone . 
clear cheeks never had any breakouts , just on my forehead . 
did n't seem to bother my skin at all . 
super cute container . 
pantene is the best all the way . 
light and airy sunscreen that doubles as a moisturizers . 
i never leave the house without it on . 
it lathers well and rinses easily . 
i find it leaves my hair feeling soft . 
this item shipped in two days ! 
for the cheap price , it was well worth it . 
this product is great . 
it is wonderful for your skin . 
i will order again . 
i was amazed when i saw the size . 
quality argan oil with an esay to use applicator . 
the dropper allows you to control how much and where you wnat it . 
i use it for my cuticles primarily 
but you could use for your hair or skin . 
i recommend adding some to your favorite body moisturizer to boost the benefits . 
i currently have tried moroccan oil , redken glass , olive oil   
i know it does n't have amazing ingredients that condition hair 
but it is what works best for me 
this product is worth a try . 
it stays on for more than 12 hours as well . 
so all you single ladies out there ... you know what to do ! ! 
i hate looking two - toned . 
i stiple it on my face with my philosophy multi brush and 
so far that is the best method and best brush imo . 
i can not stress enough how much a miracle this is to me . 
as of now , i am the lightest nc30 and this is perfect ! 
my pores do n't react to this and i do n't break out ... 
i have long , coarse hair , and it always wants to stay straight . 
i do wish it was a little darker 
so i will probably buy the dark one next time . 
i know , i know ... first world problems , right ? 
i closed my eyes and sprayed it on my face . 
then i got my arms and neck and anything else that was n't exposed . 
this does n't really work . 
this unit has been sitting under my sink doing nothing for the past year . 
i love panasonic , but try to avoid this product . 
however , the tube only had enough in it for three short uses . 
not a full tube . 
that was a tiny bit disappointing . 
but you sure can not go wrong with the product . 
it 's quite good and met all my expectations . 
i love this eye makeup remover . 
it cleans off my water proof eye liner and mascara without any issues . 
no black residue , no dryness ! ! 
highly recommend it ! 
these flower clips are the best ... 
this iron had so many great reviews 
so i decided to give it a try . 
i have causcasian shoulder length thick wavy hair . 
finally , an affordable flat iron that actually works ! 
you get what you want , exactly as shown . 
i 'll be sure to get some more once i finish all of mine . 
do n't look anymore and get these great quality , lasting beads . 
i love this product for the following reasons . 
he says it holds for hours . 
either way we both love it and wish it was n't so expensive ! 
its good for summer or to the gym because it does not sweat off . 
i ordered vixen . 
i ' m not medium skin toned but more fair toned 
this was perfect . 
kind of a nude beige to a sand colored foundation . 
i applied it with a foundation brush and set it with powder . 
it looked good all day on . 
this really works . 
i can feel it tighten the skin where i apply it . 
push down to softly and nothing comes out . 
push down too hard and too much comes out ! 
i hate to waste it 
so it 's a big hassle for me when i use it . 
i love the smell of this . 
i ' ve used this for more than 10 years 
i ' ve changed up my smell and always end up coming back 
i love this lotion ! 
this item was perfect . 
it taste like room temperature water . 
i put it on and by 3 hours i have to re apply ... 
i do nt sweat much . 
aslo , i am black . 
this stuff really takes the brassy color out of highlights ! 
i have fine hair and really like this stuff ! would definitely recommend ! 
this one soothes and nourishes my hair . 
i ' m happy . delivered on time . 
a small portion of it was spilt though . 
the producer should think of making it leak proof . 
i found that if i do that my lipstick actually smears right off . 
these are great for different size dots on nails . 
have n't used it yet for marbelizing . 
very easy to use with a comfortable grip . 
watch as your hair is so shiny    healthy    
dandruff goes good 
i was extremely disappointed . 
this was a waste of money and time . 
no polishes claiming to grow strong nails have ever worked . 
i learned about buffing the nail surface too and trimming cuticles . 
thanks mavala ! 
you name it 
, i ' ve tried it ! 
this   8 bottle   thank you , amazon !   
beats them all ! 
they have n't gone away totally , but have been dramatically reduced . 
now they are just little creases when i smile . 
needless to say i was surprised and happy to find it at beauty central . 
an a   experience ! 
i had never tried the hair spray before and it 's awesome ! 
great set if you have never tried the products from deva before too ! 
dove hair products always work out well , and this one is no exception ! 
good stuff , especially for treated hair ! 
i hate how my scalp feels oily at the end of the day . 
i had to get it 
it smells so good . 
this brush is very good at getting out tangles without pulling hair . 
goes on super easy and lasts quite a while . 
i set this with a bare minerals translucent powder . 
only thing is , i got light brown because i have blonde hair .. 
the color is slightly orangey . 
this nail polish is great for art work . 
it goes on smooth yet covers great without being too thick . 
the color is very much like the image 
i got this to try my hand at nail stamping . 
this product is easy to use and simple to clean . 
i wish i found and used this earlier ! 
but after i used this , i was like ... 
whaaaaat ... ? ? ? 
sooo gooood ? ? ? 
i was surprised .... 
i do n't know how it works , but it is really smoothing . 
the size is also very convenient , to stash it the purse . 
loved it ... just loved it ... 
i will order again . 
this product adds shine and silkiness to any hair . 
i ' ve used it for years and love it . 
this is the best price i have found anywhere for the size . 
you will not be disappointed ... 
just go easy ... 
a little goes a long way . 
i ' ve spent a lot of time this year working on the yard . 
they work marvelously for this purpose . 
i 'll not choose plain if i can have this scent . 
i have tried some of dr . 
teal 's other scents   milk    honey , lavender , rosemary mint   and 
leaves nothing behind but a hint of the eucalyptus and spearmint scents . 
i love this bubble bath . 
a large bottle for the price , and i love the scent ! 
their all the same just different scents . 
since i ' ve been using this product my hair is healthier . 
it has more body and shine with much less thinning and breakage . 
thank you l'oreal . 
and thank you amazon for making this product available for such a reasonable price . 
i have really sensitive skin and i am loving this moisturizer sunscreen . 
it is great to find it regularly on amazon- will order again . 
nice results . 
wonderful light conditioner ! 
i rinse mine out . 
completely detangles , leaving hair soft but not    34 too soft .   
34   great scent too . perfect ! 
i ' m very happy with my purchase . 
check out my pictures in the product image areai was so skeptical at first . 
put her on , added makeup , and the compliments just started flowing . 
i was spending upwards of 300.00 for my hair pieces and really ... 
i love it and sorry for those who do n't . 
good luck ! 
gives u a quick fix but definitely does n't last long term .... 
its got a nice scent to it .. pretty decent size as well . 
it works better as an exfoliate if u use with a loofah . 
i use this product every night . 
works great does n't dry out my skin , i have combination skin type . 
i could find something that works on my skin . 
it 's good to put into a diffuser 
i ' ve been using this about 2 weeks now about twice a week 
and i like it . 
i can not say that the moisture affect stays long term 
but i definitely see the difference the morning after . 
my skin is also super smooth and silky afterwards . 
i ' m hoping with sustained use the moisture will last longer . 
this is a very good product and it is easy to apply . 
i like just being able to spray it on and you are done . 
it is a spf 30 sunscreen protection in a clear spray . 
i like it as it is water and sweat resistant . 
this is a good product and i recommend it . 
i miss my olay cleanser that lathered with a creamy foam and rinses clean . 
this does n't lather as well , but it does seem to clean . 
i am switching back . 
olay makes great products that feel great and always work well . 
i ' ve gotten half way through this bottle and i give up . 
they feel just as weak as they ever did once i remove the product . 
i was sent a sample for review , this is my honest opinion.vitamin 
c is something we all need to maintain a healthy and youthful appearance . 
i have especially been fond of eating mandarin oranges clementines tangerines lately . 
oranges are messy in my opinion and harder to peel . 
also , oranges are more acidic than mandarins . 
now do n't get me wrong , i do not hate oranges . 
i drink orange juice almost every morning for breakfast .   
, it strips free radicals of their harmful toxicity . 
this helps to prevent damage to healthy cells . 
i have never tried smoking , and never will . 
exposure to secondhand smoke also decreases vitamin c levels . 
aging skin naturally loses this important nutrient over time . 
c helps your skin repair itself . 
according to dr . 
i was sent a sample bottle free of charge to test out . 
the bottle arrived in a timely manor and was packaged padded appropriately . 
it is always vital that all essential oils , serums , antioxidants , etc . 
manufactured in the u.s.a , it is a natural serum with top quality ingredients . 
and we 'll refund 100   or your purchase price .   
this may not work for everyone , and probably wo nt cure deep wrinkles . 
deionized aqua , organic aloe barbadensis leaf , 
i am not paid for my opinions . 
really leaves skin soft and supple . 
i have used tresemme for over 15 years now . 
it is effective and affordable . 
i also recommend the shampoo as well . 
then you can say    34 oh la lah ' like me . 
this straightener comes with one conditioning strip good for aprox 20 applications . 
you have to buy more after that . 
so cute , will not pull my daughters hair . 
she loves the designs . 
i do like this brush , a lot . 
it works great with the bm line , and gives the coverage it promises . 
my only complaint is that it seems to shed a bit . 
which means i 'll have to replace it sooner rather than later . 
but it 's a great product and delivers what is promised . 
shipped fast , arrived in great condition . 
i also like to use a few drops in an oil burner . 
will order again . 
a great find for the price . 
i did not like it finished the whole bottle and no change 
, i would not reccomend it try panoxyl 
it is way better 
i use this styling paste for when i put my hair back ... 
love this product . 
instead , it turned the gray color really light , almost magenta pink . 
highly recommended for dry skin . 
foremost , i am a big fan of burt 's bees products . 
i also love theirburt 's bees fabulously fresh peppermint    rosemary body wash . 
love it ! 
the redness passed after about fifteen minutes . 
the same thing happened . 
i also had one more suspicion for the reaction   niacin . 
the phenomenon is called   niacin flush   and is harmless . 
however , i carefully read through the ingredients and did not locate niacin . 
i also noticed how dry these are . 
and , i completely believe those who had no problems at all . 
try them . 
if you have a reaction , return them to the store . 
it will save you a nice chunk of change . 
and , either way , come back here to leave feedback . 
this one had good reviews , so i decided to try it . 
wow , i can not believe the difference ! 
a lot of bang for your buck ! 
the bonus is an ion stream to minimize damage to your hair . 
this is a good lip stain it lasts a long time . 
i am fair complected and this color is good for me . 
i threw it   the sh   out and will not buy again . 
it sprays on inconsistently at best , and in spots and drips at best . 
but there does n't seem to be a happy medium on distance . 
oh yeah , 
one more thing ... 
it 's a lighter , drier mist than the sally hansen . 
the color looks much more natural   coco and bronze are both great . 
good quality , great color , especially as a gift for girlfriend , wife . 
i do love the quality , shipping . 
recommend this one 
i usually use the maybelline clean express waterproof eye makeup remover 
but i bought this on a whim . 
i love this stuff ! 
i would recommend these duo makeup removers instead of the single ones . 
oil - free 
so my face does n't feel disgusting after makeup removal . 
i received the blush pallete with not one color brocken . 
i love how it applies on the skin . 
it stays true to the color you see . 
it has great pigmentation . 
i definatley reccomend this product . 
i should have taken other reviewer 's words on this brush head . 
it is way to rough for my skin . 
i feel like my skin is going spastic right now . 
i am experiencing breakouts and dryness . 
my skin just felt clean after using that brush . 
do not buy this if you have even remotely sensitive or acne prone skin . 
it is n't worth the breakouts . 
works pretty well to get the job done ! 
i even ordered another one for my sister . 
glad i gave it a shot ! 
great product ! 
helps provide needed volume 
i love , love , love this product . 
my hair is very dry and about 70   white . 
this leaves my hair nice and soft and does n't add any artificial color . 
the odor disappears shortly after spraying .this 
i tried neutrogena oil - free eye makeup remover 
it left my eyes swollen . 
the philosophy just release me is 
a little oily - it works fast - and no swollen eyes . 
removes waterproof mascara fast . 
it 's a good product 
i thought this was a moisturizer and dark circle treatment product . 
i bought it before i read all the reviews .... 
silly me ! 
it will not happen again . 
left my hair feeling weighed dow , dirty and greasy . 
i would never buy agian . 
it was expensive too . 
the price was right and the product did not disappoint . 
turned out just the color of brown i was looking for and great coverage . 
i have had it done for about 2 months now 
and it has faded a little not like other colors . 
this is the cheapest argan oil but the quality is superior ! 
i absolutely love this color . 
i often apply white polish under pastel colors to make them pop 
but i actually prefer the way this looks without white underneath . 
very colorful . 
i used it to go to work . 
i got a lot of compliments . 
my co worker said it 's looks nice on my hair . 
pack of 3 
but it did nothing to help my dry skin . 
it is very similar to the old formula total moisture from vaseline . 
it has a light fresh scent that is not overpowering or too feminine . 
it absorbs completely into the skin and does n't leave a greasy film . 
i am very pleased with the results . 
love it . 
it made my nose smaller and i can clearly see the difference . 
i recommend this product for people who have wide noses 
i am planning to try two faced lip injection . 
i am currently using stung lip pulse . 
i get really good results with this lip plumper . 
but , not just anyone can handle the burning and painful sensations . 
it does nt bother me . 
i kinda like it . 
i ve tried lip infusion xl . 
it worked ok . 
there are two methods that lip plumping companies use . 
this is how lip fusion xl works . 
stung uses the hot , stimulating ingredients to plump . 
i noticed that two faced extreme has peptides in it . 
peptides increases collagen . 
stung claims to build permanent collagen , too . 
please , do nt try stung if you ca nt handle burning pain ! 
stung can be bought on ebay or amazon for about   9.99 . 
so , its a cheap way to plump up . 
hopefully , you will find the perfect plumper . 
so , do n't give up ........ 
good quality for a bath brush . 
plastic handle which i though would be wooden . 
no trouble with it in the shower so far . 
i find that it performs very well under makeup . 
it can be a bit thick as i ' ve seen many people mention 
but if you use a good concealer brush to apply it 's a dream ! 
it 's almost bulletproof . 
i love this product ! 
i carry filers with me at all times . 
i have them in every room . 
i can not stand a snag or chip in my nails . 
ocd much , why yes , yes i am.this file is the bomb . 
it gets in all those nooks and crannies , and files fast and efficient . 
i love it . 
this one stays in my purse ! 
i really like this , no complaints . 
works well and leaves my skin really clean . 
i have had no battery or reliability issues . 
i bought this for my daughers , ages 13    11 . 
the oldest tends to have dry hair . 
this conditioner is not any more conditioning than any other conditioner . 
this bow is my favorit of all it is a little big but ones 
its placed the nail comes to life beutifull and elegant 
it is more clear than pink . 
i probably will not wear it alone in the future . 
it 's more of a sparkle to put on top of another color . 
this oil has a fresh lemon scent that i really enjoy . 
i do not wear waterproof mascara 
but i ' 
m sure it is no match for this oil . 
had to order the professional size , well worth it ! 
after i bought this brush , i ended up buying two more by chapman . 
i love this brush , and you will too . 
it goes on clumpy   moreso than any mascara 
to its credit , the product does n't seem to flake or smudge easily . 
the brush is basically a sphere with short bristles extending from it . 
leaves my skin soft and feeling really clean . 
i see improvement of my skin tone after one use . 
evens out splotchey redness . 
this mist sets the makeup and makes my skin look soft and supple . 
i highly recommend iq mineral makeup to anyone and the prices are unbeatable . 
very cute and well made . 
can hold a nice amount of product . 
very affordable . 
i love it . 
great for use as an overnight type case . 
this product is very drying to my face . 
its so drying that i have to put coconut oil on my face afterwards . 
i will be returning this . 
great set of brushes ! 
i ' m in aruba right now 
i do wash them with brush cleanser which is good for long time use . 
great color selection as well . 
packaged in bubble wrap and shipped on time . 
the color is so cute and the polish glides on smooth . 
would definitely recommend ! 
also has them you will enjoy them just roll snap and bend then 
and they stay seal for your curls next day ! 
so i decided to try this product . 
all while dealing with that god awful smell ! 
but that simply is n't the case!first 
, it did n't leave my hair even remotely straight . 
plus , with the treatments i do , my hair smells great 
and i do n't have to agonize about my hair for 48 hours . 
hopefully they will take the time to make a better at home straightening product   
i would n't mind paying double the price for better results . 
my order arrived promptly and the brush is amazing ! 
i would definitely recommend this brush to anyone ! 
it is great . 
i tried this product over the summer . 
it made my hair shed alot . 
something in it does n't agree with my hair . 
i will say it did keep my hair moisturized and soft . 
it is really thick and smells good . 
a little bit does go a long way with this product . 
with it being so thick it weighed my hair down . 
i did n't like that either . 
it 's just like any other brush and more expensive       . 
i got the agave smoothing treatment which helped but my stylist 
and i still played with the idea of cutting the ends off eventually . 
they are smooth like butter . 
u do n't need much . 
highly recommend . 
somewhere in the fine print for this item i ' 
i use a regular ceramic curling item to make spiral curls in my hair . 
i ' m guessing to make an even curl . 
it takes forever to do this . 
i did ok on the right side of my head   
m right - handed   
but i had trouble doing the left side . 
that would be a big fat no . 
and it took double the amount of time to curl my hair . 
still working with nailmart on returning it . 
i ' ve tried all sorts of strengtheners without success . 
the trind products are amazing . 
the smell of this is breathtaking . 
i take even longer showers now . 
good clips . 
i used them with rollers to curl a wig and they worked amazingly . 
shipped super fast too ! 
very nice light scent , does n't over power you . 
gets your hair very clean with only a little bit 
, i mean like only a few drops . 
takes care of your dandruff , and can be used everyday . 
in my experience you probably will not need to use a conditioner also . 
i purchased this product on amazon because it was cheaper than target or walmart . 
i have always loved burt 's bees products and this moisturizer is no different . 
it feels silky on my skin and holds up the entire day . 
i love that it is made from natural ingredients . 
most likely will try another product when this is gone . 
i really like this product it defines your eye and really makes them pop . 
this is a great item for an affordable price . 
i recommend this . 
i ' m transitioning out of my relaxer 
and i use this for twist outs and roller sets . 
great product ! 
natural , acne face wash 
that does n't leave skin feeling tight or dry . 
gentle enough to use day and night ! 
i love this nourishing care shea butter soap by dove ! 
my new addiction ! 
this conditioner is ok , nothing to brag about . 
it really does n't do anything for my hair . 
i even wrote to the company trying to get another 
but they were clueless ... 
i think they might have the matrix version at walgreens 
that 's why i was heartbroken when my original matrix broke ... 
this little baby is the hg for curly wavy hair ! ! ! ! 
it loosens your curls and waves but does n't wreck them ... 
a godsend ! ! 
this works and i am glad that i brought it ! 
i recommend it . 
it does calm and cool the skin . 
100   pure and natural . 
i can use this on my face and hair ! ! 
i use this as a cleanser , toner and even a moisturizer ! ! 
moroccan rose water by instanatural did a great job ! 
i couldn   
wonderful ! ! ! 
using this moroccan rose water is an experience for the senses too ! 
, 55 and i broke out with pimples last week . 
say what ! ? ! ? ! 
i dabbed my rose water on them and by morning gone ! ! 
g - o - n - e ! ! 
shine ! ! 
shine ! ! 
shine ! ! 
oh and extra bonus 
my hair smells divine ! ! 
you can use it for cleansing , toning , replenishing and moisturizing ! 
this rose water will calm skin .   
yes even zits on a 55 year old !   
naturally balances ph levels of your skin . 
this will help with a sun burn too ! ! 
and the bottle is pretty too !   
8217 s pink ! 
you thought i could just let that go by without comment ? ? 
really ? ? ? 
8217 s pink ! ! 
another instanatural home run product ! ! 
this does help to extend hair coloring applications . 
remember this is not a permanent hair color . 
it is a very temporary color glaze that lasts until the next shampoo . 
it does n't seem to run when it rains and looks natural . 
very gray resistant hair may not absorb any color . 
it 's light but has some great coverage . 
like i said it eliminated my dark circles completely . 
it 's great for pinky undertone skin . 
definitely brightens and covers well . 
i had way too much come out 
this is n't beige , it 's platinum blonde and very pretty . 
it 's thick and does n't look fake , even with the pink . 
i bought this after much review reading on other sites . 
everyone spoke of the lovely color and softness it gives your lips . 
it 's expensive for what you get though , so i was n't sure . 
it 's very small for the price . 
the color is nice in the beginning - like one swipe on your lips . 
any more than that , at least on me , the color goes weird . 
i much prefer loreal 's sheer colored lip balms . 
prettier colors , more moisture , inexpensive . 
i did a you tube review on this palette when it first came out . 
got over 10,000 hits . 
i love my 252 palette from coastal scents . 
recently , i took it to work with me to apply my eyeshadow . 
i was running late . 
unfortunately , i dropped it and many of shadows cracked . 
my    34 
the looks you can achieve are limitless . 
the pigments stay on all day when preceded by a little eyelid primer . 
maybe a little squirly , particularly for someone my age 
but you know what ? 
who cares ? 
color is the spice of life ! 
i love this scrub ! 
it has the best aroma and is all natural ingredients . 
it feels good , let 's see how it works . 
i love popularity potion ! 
it almost was overwhelming at first   
i think i need to use a little less at a time . 
i 'll definitely keep this in my arsenal , especailly for nights out ! 
but it is not a bad smell at all . 
this might not be the case for naturally darker skinned people   
i ' m 
not sure . 
but be sure to wash the palms of your hands ! 
i also layer it with a liquid bronzer or a temporary spray bronzer 
and i find it enhances the color . 
those towels say ,   dark   on them 
although they also did not smell or streak . 
this particular product did n't really do anything special for my skin . 
i 'll continue to use the line , just not this item . 
these needles work , just not this brand ! 
this one leaves track rolling marks and scratches . 
there is another brand on here   
sorry forget the name   but it works great ! 
it has clear handles and a green head .. 
i reccomend that one instead . 
these do hurt no matter what , but it 's worth the pain   p 
the cable is still going to remain straight ! 
light weighthonestly , i do not see any negatives for my home use . 
no harsh or strong chemicals . 
no parabens or sulfates . 
has a slight medicinal smell , but this smell does not linger after rinsing . 
i got fed up paying five dollars retail for a small pack of round pads 
i 'd save money . 
i love them ! 
they are large , like a small washcloth but that really works for me . 
and then i use the other side too . 
these were a great addition to my collection . 
i appreciate that there are pictures showing every single stamp 
so i could make sure i would n't have doubles . 
ok , wow , where do i begin ? ? 
first , it comes with a glove . 
do you know what the glove is for ? 
you actually have to hold your hair on the steaming hot barrell ! ! ! 
yes , i tried this thing 3 times . 
each time , i almost burnt my hand . 
the glove does not offer that much protection . 
i just do n't get it . 
why would anyone get this thing ? 
i can not figure it out . 
it 's time consuming to no end . 
but wow , this is literally a hot mess . 
and i have fair skin that does n't really change    
34 color   34   after several exposure to sunlight , 
i thought i would give this a shot and fell in love . 
it 's affordable and it goes on without grease . 
i feel protected and that 's what is important . 
i use it daily on my arms and hands . 
still , my hair is thick and can get frizzy during the winter . 
this conditioner by motions at home is very different . 
the end result is surprisingly manageable and light - bouncing hair . 
i recommend giving it a shot if you have frizzy or dry hair . 
but it was clear that it was more intended for ethnic hair . 
this may be the product for you . 
but for this native american caucasian it did n't work . 
a better product would be the oil version instead   but use sparingly .... 
a little goes a long way ! . 
really pretty color . 
good for all year round . 
gelish is a great product . 
only had to use 2 coats . 
it brightens up my skin and i looked radiant . 
the effect is long lasting well into the evening and my make up stays . 
i often receive compliments about my skin . 
but it does n't seem to happen to me . 
i do n't think the red bottle is good for oily skin at all . 
we are all different and our skin changes over time too . 
i hope this review helps . 
nice base coat . 
although it was n't a miracle cure to my nail chipping   
i ' m not sure if anything will ever be 
, it did help in preventing major chips . 
i love the beautiful , almost neon looking color of this polish . 
the consistensy is thicker and more rich than most polishes . 
i dries fairly quickly . 
looks great . 
love it ! ! 
love the color and would recommend it to everyone.long lasting wear . 
all my friends love the color also . 
brushes on really well and smooth 
just as shown ! ! ! 
a lovely heavy , nicely made jewelery hair piece ! ! ! ! 
more please ! 
the velvety material provides just the right amount of soft extra grip yet 
i 'll be getting a bunch more of these . 
but that 's okay 
it 's in style ! 
i like the fragrance and feel . 
the directions are simple too . 
the 1.5 inch curling iron barrel is for long hair only . 
i wished the label had mentioned this . 
short and middle length hair does not fit around this barrel . 
believe me i tried in vain . 
they are mine ... not fake ! . 
i never got this kind of shine with those . 
i ' m quite satisfied with the results . 
given the price , 
i ' m happy .... 
but you may not be ... 
you decide . 
i am loving this shampoo . 
it has definitely made a difference with my itchy scalp . 
it lathers great also . 
the smell is not a bad scent but nothing real fragrant either ! 
works beautifully ! 
perfectly light , but moisturizers very well and leaves my hair 
love it ! ! 
i do n't have much to say about the product . 
dunhill desire is an imitation of the originally designed version . 
i had it before , bought it for   15 on canal st . 
do not buy   dunhill desire   - 
it 's a crap . 
make sure you get alfred dunhill desire - the original one . 
does not dry out my hands like so many of the hand sanitizers do . 
lysol is also a very trusted name in sanitizing . would recommend to anyone . 
very pigmented color . 
great coverage in one coat . 
this is my go to detangler before i prepoo or wash my hair . 
i really like the way this product smells . 
it works well on my 9 month - old daughter 's hair . 
just wish it was a bit bigger but still a great deal ! 
this is great wax ! 
it even works great for places hard wax is usually used . 
the smell is pleasant and its easy to remove with oil . 
love it ! 
i really like these headbands . 
these are really good headbands for the price , and 
i ' m very happy 
i made this purchase . 
it 's body wash . 
there 's not a lot to say . 
typical dove body wash . 
definitely came promptly , which was greatly appreciated . 
this is a great price for so many colors . 
yes some of the colors are very similar almost exact . 
in mine there are 2 that look the same . 
i ve tried every color and like them all . 
the pigment is good and looks fine on my complexion . 
mine arrived in great condition no breaks . 
i would recommend this for many blushes at this price . 
maybe it 's supposed to be matte ? ? ? . 
these rollers suck ! 
yes they are cheap , yes 
they come in variety of sizes but seriously no clips ? 
i used bobby pins to secure them . 
also they tangled my hair like crazy ! 
threw them out and will not ever regret . 
waste of money 
she seems to think it is   ok   
but nothing special . 
i ' ve had no issues with these goggles . 
no complaints . 
the polish was actually terrific . 
it did make my nails hard and difficult to break . 
it is easy to apply and dries relatively quickly . 
or needles . 
like me . 
yes , i am a chicken . 
i just squeeze it in when i can . 
no redness or itching ... nothing . 
i will keep this up since it is easy and i see an improvement . 
my husband noticed too --- yay ! 
i received this product complimentary in order to review it . 
my opinions are my own . 
the picture in my opinion is misleading in the size . 
i do n't own a brush as short as this holder will allow 
so i will use if for pencils . 
would not buy again . 
works best with liquid foundation with a little translucent powder ! 
the price is unbelievable ! 
it 's almost like a mac dupe ! 
it is unscented when it dries . 
i 'll probably buy it again . 
my wife uses and loves this item . 
says it is the best and definitely will reorder . 
is very easy to use and cleans very thoroughly . 
i love the cnd shellac polish ! 
in fact i have this color on at present . 
very happy ! ! 
this is the only one so far that has n't . 
super spreadable , like lotion , sinks right into skin and protects well . 
this is now my go - to sunscreen for summer ! 
it smells very musky and calming which i like and makes me feel fresher . 
i like it . 
cover.- gail cooke 
i decided to give this a try to harden my nails . 
this strengthener takes a while to actually work . 
my nails are slowly getting stronger . 
i wish i could afford more of this ! 
i just can not right now , this whole line of products is excellent ! 
my skin was never better , just expensive . 
this stuff is awesome ! 
my hair drinks this up whereas it hates coconut oil by itself . 
a little goes a long way 
so do n't over do it . 
its good glue , thank you . 
it 's not too dark and it looks great over the sleek white . 
gelish products are definitely the best when it comes to lasting the longest . 
why did you discontinue this ? ? 
it is silky and sheer , with just the right amount of coverage . 
i ' m very pale and love this product . 
great for the summer as it 's not cakey at all . 
i am glad amazon still has some people that carry it . 
i do n't see major changes but my skin is softer . 
i took a picture of the spots i wanted to fade . 
the discoloration has faded a bit , but is still quite noticeable . 
i had never tried a cleansing conditioner before . 
i had heard both good and bad things about wen . 
at that price i had nothing to lose . 
it was worth every penny of the small amout i paid for it . 
my hair is shiny , feels soft , and is much healthier . 
the product smells very strong , but ends up smelling very good . 
i really am glad i gave this a try . 
i will for sure repurchase . 
my skin is very sensitive 
so i can not use every face product .... 
had to stop using . 
after i had purchased this product   not on amazon   
i am 35 . 
i liked this . 
it was very pretty and looks good on me . 
i ordered medium brown , but really there is no such thing . 
so , i reapplied and waited another 30 seconds then removed . perfect ! 
this would have led to almost black eyebrows . 
try this method , one eye brow at a time . 
there is plenty of solution even using half of what the instructions call for . 
however , i do have small eyebrows . 
love this stuff . 
smells great , cleans well . 
i feel better using this over other dish soap due to the ingredients . 
i have used st . 
ives body wash once before and 
i like it . 
try it ! 
i put this lotion on for the first time 5 minutes ago . 
it is amazing ! 
it absorbed immediately , with no greasy residue . 
consider me a customer for life ! 
when i was using wen , i used the kids cleansing conditioner myself . 
i felt if it was made for children , it must be milder . 
i think that was true . 
g0 t very nice results the first use ! 
who is dogging this ? crazy ! 
this vitamin c serum is different from anything i have ever tried before . 
it makes me skin completely radiant and beautiful . 
after using this product , my skin actually glows , it is incredible . 
it really works just as good as you would hope it would . 
if you have fine lines or discoloration , this product is your saving grace . 
you will never know how you ever lived without it . 
smells nice , not too strong . 
absorbs completely within minutes . 
does n't get on your pillow    
i use the alterna one night , pantene the next to save a little . 
i love this stuff and will always have some 
this product is completely matte and blends in perfectly with the brows . 
the brush that is included works well . 
the quality is great . 
i ' m surprised at the price of makeup bags these days . 
i think this set is a great price and good quality . 
i like eco tools and am enjoying using the makeup brushes . 
there is a good variety of brushes which is really nice . 
i always thought opi was top of the line . 
turns out this stuff blows opi out of the water . 
it 's the only top coat 
this is a great brush and lash comb brush . 
it 's well made , does what it says and works fine . 
let 's hope it lasts as my previous brushes have all broken off . 
i just use a little mineral foundation and that 's it . 
so far i ' ve tried dr . 
jarts and this   missha m perfect cover 21 . 
this is much better than dr . 
jart in coverage and my skin looks so young and flawless despite my age . 
i only use it at night 
but i have also found this has lightened my skin somewhat . 
it 's all good , this is a great product . 
try it ! ! ! 
i 'd give it 2,5 stars . 
the good thing about the product 
- it 's pretty cheap and arrived on time . 
this helps also when using a micro - needler . 
i ' m looking younger by the second . 
this is much darker than i thought it would be . 
has a pleasant taste . 
probably need to play with it some more . 
i might need to use 2 really really thin coats . 
if i find out something different , i 'll write an addendum . 
in the meantime , i have to say i will not buy this again . 
just did n't perform that way 
i thought it should . 
this makes your foundation look like it 's airbrushed , and absolutely perfect . 
this is the best foundation brush in the entire world . 
so worth the money ! 
and i ' ve suffered with hyperpigmentation for about fifteen years . 
essential - c cleanser      was good 
but i think it 's worth it . 
rapid age spot    pigment lightening     . 
essential - c day moisture broad spectrum spf 30      . 
this is very good , love the rosy healthy glow ! 
morning application kept me hydrated all day . 
i hope it 's helped someone out there . 
these are awesome . 
such a steal ! 
this is really neat . 
it 's charcoal ... 
but when you get it wet it 's squishy like foam or plastic . 
it was exfoliative but not rough . 
it felt a little like a massage and my skin felt really soft afterwards . 
this is far darker and smoother than many eyeliners i have tried . 
i ' ve bought tresemme before but not this type . 
i have to say i really like the fruity scent of this shampoo . 
i usually use herbal essences 
do you remember when mcdonald 's decided to start making the mcpizza ? 
what about the mcrib sandwich ? 
how about the mcsalad shakers ? 
if you do n't remember , that 's okay . 
the unusual menu times were n't around long and do you know why ? 
remington 3 in 1 straightener curler failed to deliver on its promises . 
it certainly did n't meet my expectations!from the product description     
the curling sleeve was unnecessary . 
i wish remington would have included a travel pouch for the iron and sleeves . 
skip the 3 in 1 ! 
i love this product . 
it is great for lining the inside of your lids . 
it does not pull which makes the application a breeze . 
i would highly recommend this product ! ! 
i use this every morning . 
people think that my 50 year old son is my husband . 
i guess that says it all ! 
this stuff is great . 
it lasts all day too . 
it is easy to over - do it , so be light handed . 
i will like to return this products , and get a refund . 
drys my nails fast which is what i wanted . 
this new line of aurora fx colors are awesome . 
they can be worn alone for a soft color that may take several applicatons . 
but they are best used over another color . 
this one has a purple base that goes really well over plum and done .. 
samuri or really any color you prefer . 
i would highly recommend it . 
i color it a blond shade 
i used to be a nail - biter and having quit that nasty habit 
i like being proud of my hands . 
the new england winters take that tiny bit of satisfaction away from me . 
but now i ' m trying this product . 
i ' m rubbing into my hands , nails and cuticles twice daily 
and i see bit of improvement already . 
what can i say . 
it 's disgusting 
i tried this product since it works on your feet too . 
then at night i just smoothed on a tiny bit more of the oil . 
after two weeks i have noticed a huge difference . 
i will still be using the oil , but only at bed time now.skin 
- face---   62 
i have n't broke out 
it gets so bad that i actually can feel the salt on my skin ... 
so i tried this under my eyes to soften or smooth the skin . 
sample provided by manufacturer 4.5 stars 
i ' m just not sure . 
it was extremely drying and somewhat harsh on my sensitive skin . 
and the fragrance ? 
it is a bit too perfumed for my liking . 
i can not explain it 
but it is migraine - worthy . 
estoy encantada con este perfume , es realmente delicioso . 
recomiendo 100   
y por ello le doy 5 estrellas . 
i got some l'occitane hand creme for christmas and it works much better . 
then it seemed as if i need something thicker . 
cetaphil is good but not thick enough for the kind of moisturizing i need . 
i no longer use it . 
i was anticipating a product that cleared out pores more efficiently . 
black heads on my nose is a constant battle of mine ... 
i hate them with a passion . 
i applied the product as directed and waited the maximum 20 minutes as recommended . 
i have been using conair hair dryers for years . 
this hair dryer does everything that i require without spending a fortune . 
i get compliments all the time on the fragrances i wear . 
this is no exception . 
it is a smooth and mature scent . 
the plastic is made to last and is not light . 
at first it bothered me 
but i ' ve grown used to it - 
additional vote for the side mirror version 
i used this product for three weeks before finally giving up on it . 
looked like a flower petal that made it through the filtration process 
but it made me leery of using the product anymore . 
and i had questions about the quality of the product 
however , for that extra cost you get a quality product . 
the design is very nice . 
it   8217 s 
the plates are advertised as being    8220 nano titanium .   
the power button is just that , a button . 
these are on the iron   
but i think the button placement makes it a 4 . 
tangle - free ? 
i found it impossible to use in long , wet hair . 
i would n't recommend anyone with hair much past 
mostly it was just mediocre and difficult to use . 
getting it out of my hair was a nightmare . 
i really love this liquid eyeliner ! ! ! ! 
its super adorable mine came in purple and i love its packaging ! 
its not waterproof but lasts all day ! ! 
its a very dark black which i loveeeeee . 
i would recommend it . 
its a good addition to your makeup bag 
a god send . 
this is the best brush i ve ever had . 
it never sheds and applies makeup very well . 
i highly recommend anything by this company . 
value beauty little heavier than plastic 3 to 4 inches or read instruction.correction 
it arrived today beautiful ! ! ! 
as i type 
i give it an 10 score 5 stars . 
age teen n above or 20 n above . 
it also helps heal the current acne that i have . 
i tend to not have great skin ever , so its difficult to say . 
either way i would recommend this product . 
i use this product on my fingers and toes . 
this is to push back your cuticles . 
best used with sally hansen instant cuticle remover . 
obviously it will dry fast . 
great top coat compared to most out there . 
also it 's not obnoxiously shiny , just an overall great top coat . 
this seems to be the best toner for my combo skin . 
it does not dry it out but still helps with breakouts . 
it 's truly a perfect buy as well . 
i used to love having burgundy hair . 
then we bought a bleach and dye system from the grocery store . 
looked awesome for about 2 weeks , then it turned this sickly green color . 
it was awful . 
then i just said forget it and bought my old standard , manic panic . 
we also bought some black and mixed a little in . 
loved it . 
tish    snooky , you are beyond awesome ! 
the fragrance smells rich and manly . 
since it 's medium hold , it 's good for short hair . 
it is so different from any color i have ever had 
and i have so so many lipsticks and glosses . 
makeup maven here . 
heard complaints about this brand , but totally unfounded to me . 
if you like the goth look 
get it now 
you wo nt be sorry 
the color is very appealing and even a little retro . 
i hope they never stop making it . 
the seller is trustworthy and good . 
no problems there . 
so do nt pass this one up its amazing ! ! ! ! 
your lips will look so kissable take advantage ! ! ! ! 
this stuff is awful . 
i think it 's the serum that is embedded in the bb cream . 
it cakey and causes breakouts . 
it 's been over a week , and i m still recovering . 
the split is barely visible with the protein on . 
i think the other products that came in the sample kit also help . 
i especially love the nail moisturizer and the oil therapy . 
they seem to work together to relieve dry , peeling patches . 
if you have acne .. get proactiv . 
def worth it 
but it did take like 10 days to receive . 
try it ! 
but now i am disappointed . 
overall , i 'd stay away from this product . 
instead , try coppertone line of sunscreen products . 
easily absorbs into skin . 
not greasy , sticky , tacky . 
skin is softer , clearer , smoother , more radiant . 
it 's very liquidy , and looks streaky even with 3 coats . 
after 3 coats , the polish refuses to dry . 
love these they are super soft which surprised me for the price . 
my only regret is not ordering another set to have which i might do 
and i still like their products . 
they 're real mascaramac fluidlinesmaybelline color tattoo cream eye shadowmakeup 
the pads have almost no moisture to them at all . 
i ended up putting baby oil on the pads to remove my mascara . 
i will not be getting it again 
this is the best purchase for people with hard to manage hair . 
straightens it with no problem and fast ! ! 
i recommend this to many girls if they are looking for a quality flat iron 
when i received this product , it seemed like it was 
half gone already . 
i switched to matrix biolage and am very satisfied with it . 
it is cheaper and i think works just as well . 
personally however , i prefer this one from oz naturals . 
i have always had thin , flexible nails that split or tear easily . 
i tried every type of nail hardener available and never really saw results . 
i did some research and found this product . 
great stuff for bad nails . 
these brushes are the best i ' ve ever used owned . 
i would recommend these brushes over the more expensive ones , for sure . 
so in love ! 
i have looked at several youtube videos and saw people using these sponges . 
i wondered ..   
what 's the big deal with this sponge ?   
well , i orderd these 
and i now see . 
these are great for blending . 
here , i got 4 and they are really good . 
my only problem is that they are kinda tough to clean . 
this is why i give it 4 stars . 
so i recommend using very little soap to clean it . 
after all it is a sponge . 
you will be pleasantly surprised . 
also , go to youtube and you can see how to use it ! 
love love love ! 
it 's worth the money i promise you ! 
great quality and great coverage ! 
you will not be disappointed . ! 
i love how this product came to me . 
the colors are amazing and they are so much fun to use . 
i love it ! 
as soon as i got it i had to try it out ! 
it makes curling my hair a breeeeezzzzeee ! 
and i ' m almost done   
i ripped open the bottle to get the last bit out .   
55 is a lot to pay for such little results . 
hope you have better luck than i did if you do try it . 
this one is the best leave ins i ' ve ever tried . 
some complain of tackiness , buildup or residue . 
i added    matrix   spray leave in on top and then a serum . 
my rollerset hair consistently comes out shiny , smooth and soft . 
i use the entire hydratherapie line and i have n't been disappointed yet.keeper ! 
we like this kids gel . 
it 's light but holds nicely . 
it 's a clear gel and the scent is not strong . 
so , this may be best for the under 8 or 9 group . 
the container is very bright and colorful with 2 happy kids water - skiing . 
nyx blushes are so nice , i have been using them for years ! 
i have been using wen for about 3 years now . 
now i can not , go back to regular . 
if you want to call it , shampoo that suds . 
so i guess i will forever be a wen girl . 
just a tip , 
and that is worth it . 
lavender and pomegranite are the best for moisture . 
this is just top notch ! ! ! ! 
i have.i love , love , love this shampoo . 
i ' m absolutely in love . 
it just smells like shampoo . 
my skin looks clearer , smoother , and less oily . 
can not beat the cost either . 
i actually combined it with another tinted spf powder and it just works beautifully . 
you do have to be extremely cautious when using this powder though . 
you must be extremely careful not to breathe any in . 
i do like this a lot . 
i am on my second tube . 
i have to say the only thing that irks me is the packaging   
i have to store it on its side instead . 
this color was not at all what i thought it was going to be . 
i do n't think i 'll ever buy another lipstick from this brand again 
but i 'll probably put up with this for now . 
i just purchased this jojoba oil , and it works great . 
i wish i had listened to the other reviews . 
i do n't have a good sense of smell due to my sinuses 
but wow the scent of the cream is very overpowering . 
i feel this performs as well as the skin79 brand 
most women choose lipstick , concealer , or mascara   why would ms . 
i cautiously countered , not wanting to insult her choice .   
of course , my foundation primer is more than just a primer . 
did i mention it extends makeup wear ? 
makeup even stays put in hot , humid weather ! 
the same soft focus appearance makes bare skin look beautiful and naturally flawless . 
top with a little loose setting powder 
and you have a smooth and luminous , beautiful and natural , barefaced look.this primer 
also has added skin care benefits to improve the skin 's appearance . 
this tip is especially pampering in the summertime .    
i have a medium skin tone and these matte lipsticks are the best ! 
the color payoff is amazing and looks gray under a nice lip gloss . 
i bought the pale pink and it compliments my tan nicely ! 
but these are great for babies and are super absorbent . 
i recommend them . 
this has everything 
i ' m looking for 
the sensation lasts about 30 mins , but the cream lasts a lot longer . 
i washed it off before it even lost effectiveness . 
love it and will always buy it 
this color looks great on , really just like the picture . 
soothing , thick and rich bath treatment that my daughter loves . 
we have a itchy little girl who scratches all the time . 
after a nice warm bath with this the scratching stops 
and she sleeps like a baby . 
she even requests it so that proves to me it makes it all better . 
staple in our house from now on . 
moisture - wise , it seems to do the trick . 
this lotion faired well enough for a facial lotion . 
i needed a smaller hair dryer with a diffuser to use while traveling . 
i saw this conair and decided to give it a try . 
it works great and the diffuser is a good one . 
it fits well into my suitcase , taking up little room . 
i have very wavy and thick hair and i like to have it curl . 
to do this i need a diffuser and this hair dryer comes with one . 
hi , i think it 's really great set to start with . 
i just wasted couple of brushes 
so i can easily afford myself to buy a new one . 
waaaaay too soft . 
i have used this brand of soap for years , as my mother did . 
now , i have to talk about the scent . 
it is like heaven . 
the orange blossom scent is wonderful . 
dove is it . 
you can use it on your face because it is gentle . 
you will not regret trying it if you have n't already . 
i would highly recommend it . 
so it 's texture is a less dense foam than regular mouse . 
more like soap bubbles than shaving cream . 
and you want to try this stuff ... 
it is less sticky than regular mousse , and does n't feel as weighty . 
so that is why i am giving 4 stars . 
i just felt like i should point out the other stuff . 
this stuff is super sensual and sexy . 
very rich and inviting . 
at least now i know to be extra wary of aha . 
unfortunately it did not get better from there . 
absolutely the most adorable 3-d nail art peices ever ! ! 
love these ... 
the variety of colors are perfect ... great for grab bags with friends .. 
they do n't bleed when you put nail polish top coat on them . 
when you place them in the acrylic for acrylic nails they do n't bleed . 
great price and the shipping was suprisingly fast ... will definitely be buying more . 
this plate is awesome . 
the quality is very good . 
a must have for the collection . 
highly recommend . 
i doubt no more . 
i just hope amazon continues to carry it forever ! 
bought three jars of this stuff . 
one for each grandchild and for dry hands . 
what a nice product . 
very happy . 
would definitely buy again . 
i like it and i m not picky ok lol . 
fast shipping though ! ! !   
d i do recommend it though for a temporary brush . 
decent quality but to big for me face lol   p 
i love my curing lamp . 
this works very well . 
i really love this little machine . 
it makes the most beautiful and neat curls . 
i already have curly hair . 
i will not re - purchase . 
i received this as a gift . 
it is one of the best smelling lotions i have gotten in a long time 
long wait , but worth it ! 
i did nt mind the wait because they were soo cheap ! 
good product , just as described . 
and it 's available at a good price . 
i wish manufacturers would also stop adding fragrance . 
pro - v may not be any worse than other shampoos.while 
i am not chemically sensitive , others are . 
i was very happy with my purchase of this peel . 
i have used it 3 - 4 times in the past few months . 
i also really like the tca and salicylic blend . 
so now i know how the salons get these wonderful waves!i love this machine ... 
it is absolutely amazing . 
the waver started adding very defined waves into my hair ! 
and they actually stay for quite some time ! 
i have to say color club does awesome with holographic polishes . 
china glaze made some awesome one 's too 
but i used them all up .    
sad panda    but color club saved the day ! 
i use the white pearl base eyeshadow base almost every day ! 
you will be pleased ! 
treseme dry shampoo did not work for me , unfortuneately .   
i did try it , but i still like the bastiste brand better   
i ' ve seen where this worked well for a girl on youtube , 
oh well   i have normal dry , wavy med hair 
this is okay . 
i ' m not overly thrilled with the cleaner . 
then rinse . 
just do n't think this was worth the money . 
i first heard about this product from a blogger , kandee johnson . 
she was reviewing some sweet smelling products . 
this was one of her favorites . 
i have to tell you , i completely agree . 
it smells awesome . 
not only that , the product acutally works great for curly wavy hair . 
a great purchase ! 
it was a fast delivery as well .. 
i am very happy with this purchase . 
it cost much more than bare minerals . 
my opinion is bare minerals is better . 
it covers much better , and looks more natural . 
the coverage is better that way . 
and if your oily at all , a must is mineral veil . 
love this product and i have used it for years . 
mineral makeup cuts you foundation time in half . 
you never have to worry about that unsightly cut off point . 
well used 3 coats and a top coat and 
she was very happy looks like the picture even better 
when i received these , they were n't flowers , but bows . 
very worth the price ! 
this is the worst product ever . 
it is quite frustrating to get the images to work . 
i regret purchasing these plates . 
i ' m an old , grey headed almost bald guy . 
i need a hair straightener like i need more debt . 
but i have a 14 year old who is obsessed with her hair . 
as soon as this came in she had to try it . 
it seems to heat quickly and deliver heat efficiently . 
i tried it as per the instructions for two months with no resutls 
but hey , i ' m old   66   
and i guess everyone is different , 
does n't mean you should n't give it a shot . 
if anyone has had better results with another product i would really like to know 
so i can try it . 
this is an easy to use product that absorbs excess oil from your face . 
this is a must buy for the prices . 
can not beat the price . 
colors are gorgeous.would buy again . 
a little chalky and dry feeling but a nice color   sierra . 
it is pretty long lasting . 
these do an exceptional job separating my toes and easing the pain . 
they 're so soft , i forget i ' m even wearing them . 
i wear a size 10 shoe . 
i ordered the medium first . 
they fit quite well , but i like the large size better . 
no pulling , no pain . 
who knows ? 
also the cord is on a swivel for extra maneuverability .   
and basically does exactly what a hair straightener should do . 
in all , a great addition to your hair care regime . 
perfect . exactly as expected . 
i love body shop stuff 
and i found it . 
it goes on well and smooth 
great for us mid life folks that have abused our skin in the past . 
mix in a darker foundation   
2 shades darker then your skin color   and you ' ve got viola ! 
--a tinted moisturizer . 
i was so excited to try this lovely looking cream but 
sadly it   8217 s performance wasn   
it   8217 s a miracle product in comparison 
i ' m not the type of person who would actually tear open 
a brand new one 
this pink truffle appealed most to me and at   6.79 
i thought i deserved it . 
m really glad i bought it . 
when i tried it on in the car , it looked awesome . 
lasts a good hour or two on me 
but that 's no big deal . 
it literally takes about 5 seconds to reapply.bottom line   
i really liked this color . 
feels great . 
i plan on buying at least another color or two soon . 
this is a gift for a friend and i got it impressively fast ! 
i was very happy about that esp . 
it being so close to christmas . 
it was a little smaller then i thought it would be . 
i do n't know if it will get softer with use or not . 
so it 's good here in the summer in georgia ! 
this kit is the best i ' ve tried for home use . 
the new formulation includes two gels instead of a liquid and a gel . 
it is much easier to handle . 
it will not make your eyelashes thicker or longer   only darker . 
if you understand that , you will be happy with your purchase . 
i ' m really glad i bought this nail polish . 
its beautiful ! 
the 1st coat is more softer which is still as pretty . 
i have received several compliments already . 
would recommend and would buy again ! 
i 'll be giving it to my sister with thick curly hair . 
i 'll create my review in a list form.smell   
i but it again sureprice   
lovely has such strong flowery and citrusy notes . 
it 's the type of fragrance that gives you an instant headache . 
love this . 
purchased 2 bottles . 
have natural 4b hair . 
but it was ok . 
second time , thrillledddd w the result . 
hair fluffy , curly dark and shiny . 
love it ! 
this is my favorite hand soap . 
any place.i found it here ! ! ! 
happy happy -- joy joy joy ! ! 
you do n't need to use a lot of this 
the price was good that was one reason i bought it ! 
i only got one , thought it was 4 ? 
it 's a comb that detangles , not much to say . 
works just as good as any other detangling comb . 
she does n't cry . 
before this , i was using a lightweight , nicely scented roc facial lotion . 
i loved putting it on . 
i loved the light , silky feel and how it quickly absorbed . 
i loved the bottle it came in . 
it was small , nice and dispensed a good amount of lotion . 
it even had sunscreen in it ! 
i decided to try something new and different   maybe better !   
so i went with eb5 . 
i think i regret this purchase . 
the cream is heavy , it does n't absorb easily . 
it feels greasy and the jar method of using it can get messy . 
it does n't have sunscreen . 
results were hilarious and overall successful , but it was a greasy mess . 
next time i will probably get roc again . 
i ' m not a huge fan of this cream . 
it seems like when i wear it , my fiance sneezes a lot . 
it started happening when i started using this cream . 
you live and learn ......... 
this may be my favorite polish i ' ve purchased recently . 
it 's a delicious shade of green that does n't scream    
i ' m a teenager !   
34    no offense to the teens 
out there - rock your polish like only you guys can . 
this is the second primer brand i ' ve tried . 
i ' m trying to go cost effective first . 
my e.l.f . eyeshadows seems to keep put and better pigmented smoother looking . 
i am , however , concerend with this base in the summer . 
could n't ask for anything more from an everyday lotion . 
i use it after showering and also after washing the hands . 
my wife has been using the curling iron for a few weeks now . 
she writes that the curling iron works very well . 
it heats up quickly . 
there are several levels of heat and they do vary . 
i have straight , shoulder - length , fine hair , in layers . 
overall , she is very pleased with the product . 
pretty color . 
it looked almost exactly like the picture . 
i would probably get this color brand again ! 
i have used this brand before but the color was new for me . 
i polish my nails a lot    have been using 100   acetone for yrs 
but i like to alternate it on occasion 
i feel comfortable using it . 
i would not recommend this product . 
and it does feel invigorating , but i do n't like the dryness . 
a litle extra hydration would have made it more beneficial to my skin type . 
with winter on the way , i was interested in getting this product . 
i also noticed most reviewers felt it was a light , easily absorbed lotion . 
evidently the botanical blend and my skin do n't mesh ! 
my hair felt like silk . 
i let my boyfriend feel it 
and he was floored   
dare i say turned on   by the silkiness . 
and he 's not one to give compliments just because i solicited them . 
i think it 's actually improving the condition of my hair . 
you get a lot of versatility for the cost . 
that 's it.buy it now without hesitation . 
i will never use it again now that i ' ve found this . 
not to knock that product   
i know i have ... 
pretty soon my lips got chapped . 
sometimes it feels more moisturizing to me , and sometimes it feels scratchier .   
there are little rough bits that do the exfoliating . 
i do n't have anything against aspartame   i consume it all the time . 
i ' m just passing on the information in case 
it is a concern for you . 
however , the oils and waxes do soften the lips somewhat . 
well after reading all of the reviews i decided to give this a try . 
i am not disappointed ! 
after the 2nd and 3rd day my skin starts getting flaky and sheds . 
i am going to continue the schedule i am using . 
anyways this was worth it ! 
we all love it.our hair looks so shiny    healthy , thank you 
this bronzer is amazing . 
use an angled contour brush to apply this and use a very light hand . 
you can build up coverage and it blends very well . 
love the smell 
it 's smells like a tropical island .... 
i absolutely love this sunscreen . 
and i ' m extremely fair complected . 
my soap came fast , and leak free . 
this is the best for freshly pierced or stretched piercings . 
i mixed mine with water , did n't have any apple cider vinegar on hand 
and i have n't found any raw locally . 
there is n't a noticeable odor . 
when i took it off of my face   
like others have said it seemed to help bring stuff   
you all know what it is 
and i do n't want to gross you out hahahaha   to the surface 
so it can be removed more easily . 
if you have dry skin you may want to moisturize after . 
i really like it , especially for the price 
m very pleased and would recommend it    . 
my conclusion ? 
it smudged on me and i hate that . 
september 5 , 2010 shipping is super fast and the brush is well packaged . 
even get happier after using the brush . 
it works effectively with liquid foundation . 
i end up looking flawless when applying my foundation in a stippling motion . 
the bristle is so soft and dense . 
most importantly , it did n't shed ! 
not even a single bristle ! 
the best part is , i bought two ! ! 
sigma f80 is definitely the best foundation brush ever! .... 
updated review   
oct 24 , 2011   
i bought this brush in september , 2010 . 
why? ... coz after using it for a couple of months 
, it sheds horribly ... 
it just will not stop . 
finally , the remaining bristles just pop out from the ferule ... 
eeeew ...   
this brush is my biggest regret ! 
very nice light smell.cons   
i do nt get what all the hype is about . 
it is nice but 
nothing earth shattering . 
this is really good , tested product .i 
i chose the color   progressive   first ... 
to be honest ... 
figured if i did n't like them ... 
no big loss ... only less than   3 to try something new   
and i do love trying new makeup products ! ! . 
even the tiny little brush is a decent brush for blending out the pigments ! 
i would n't say these pigments have   sparkle ... 
but rather it 's a fine - milled   pearlescent   
result when well blended out and the pigments have a buttery soft texture . 
great seller , too .... 
no problems at all with my orders from beauty central . 
they arrived earlier than expected    were well packaged . 
the picture does this color no justice . 
it does n't look chalky at all and goes on really smooth . 
it is the perfect nude lipstick . 
i added a natural colored gloss over it and it looked really great .   
it 's perfect for contouring , especially for fair to medium tones . 
you will not be disappointed . 
i bought it because i have sensitive , dry skin 
, i feel that it is the same for body use as well . 
i do not like this sticky feeling left over from this product after use . 
i m not really sure how i feel about this product yet . 
and it leaves a bluish ashy tint , 
i ' m guessing it 's to neutralize the skin of redness . 
i ' m a light complexioned black women 
so i guess i am naturally tanned but not dark . 
i like teh primer 
, it helped my foundation spread easier also . 
i 'll give it some more time and tweek my process   until then 
it gets a three . 
and i 'll probably buy another tube when my current one runs out . 
the   frequently bought together   tool . 
i guess i will need to be more careful in the future . 
the price was very low , so she was not sure what to expect . 
she only gave it 4 stars because of this .... 
otherwise , it would have been a big 5 stars ! 
i much more prefer the overnight hydrating for day and nighttime use . 
the daily repair is    
34 okay   
they say pinched is a dupe for nars orgasm . 
i have that i loved . 
the nexxus youth renewal rejuvenating conditioner addresses the eight visible signs of aging hair . 
i have been very pleased with the results . 
this conditioner leaves no residue and is easy to rinse out . 
this bows r wonderful play with . 
they really on my nails . 
they stayed on with no problems . 
i will order much more . 
motions straight finish leave in conditioner , with keratin protein and moisturizing coconut oil . 
so remember use sparingly 
both products are very watery . 
it also did n't have much   highlight .   
the   concealer   was so sheer , why bother ? 
three dollars plus tax down the drain . 
this is a great product ! 
i was hoping that it would do what it claims and it does . 
i could see the difference in my skin right from the start . 
i cleans great and i can see my skin changing for the better . 
my granddaughter noticed the changes and is now using it . 
i highly recommend 
great but for the price 
other than that theyare great and a great price . 
shipping was fast too . 
i purchased wipes on recommendation from a friend for my newborns . 
i wanted the convenience of ordering online . 
they are gentle and come very close to the ones in the hospital . 
my poor babies would not have had to go through pain . 
this headband looks great with a variety of hair styles . 
i did and it does seem to help . 
you should not use much as there would be blue flame . 
before you use the pads . 
i know this product works on goldwell products   
hopefully other reviewers will provide info . 
i am in the continual search for a good eye cream . 
the loreal eye cream is extremely moisterizing . 
it glides on smoothly and has very little scent . 
i can not say that i found this overly effective , 
there seems to be a temporary benefit in moisterizing the eyes . 
i will continue to use this product until it is gone . 
i had hoped for more . 
for decades i have been a gilette fan . 
i am thinking of converting to schick ... 
this is the only shaving mirror i ' ve ever had that really works . 
but i ' ve had no problems whatsoever . 
very happy . 
this is my second season ordering this product . 
although this color may be more appropriate later in the summer . 
great product . 
read the directions for use and care . 
i m obsessed . 
the smell is heavenly . 
really want to try the coconut one next . 
thank you 100   pure ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
love all your products 
the bottle was smaller then i thought but this is a good buy . 
i think it leaves my hair a little glossier , too . 
you do n't have to use a lot to use it this way . 
i have plenty left for future bottles . 
the garlic smell is very overwhelming ! 
so far its good . 
will hopfully update in another month or two if any drastic changes occur . 
i know it 's important to wear 
but i 'd rather not . 
this is a must have beauty item for anyone 
but if you hate sunscreen you will love this lotion . 
i wish i never ordered it hate it 
it was fast delivery but do nt like brushs 
but it 's worth it 
no dryness in my skin anywhere super moist and supple throughout the whole daybut 
but i do recommend this product to anyone that does n't mindas for wrinkles 
is so hydrating that you can actually see the lines filling in 
i know it 's crazy 
still there of courseno this is n't like surgery 
but it works with continued useif 
you have questions feel free to ask 
wished this product worked better . 
ouch ! ! ! 
i love this brush cleaner ! 
your brushes are clean within minutes of use . 
for tiny brushes they dry in less than 30 seconds . 
this package of dead sea salt comes perfectly packaged for gift giving . 
it contains 1.75 lbs . 
or 28 oz . 
of pure and natural dead sea salt from israel . 
this salt is very fine grain and is rich in minerals . 
it dissolves very quickly because of the fine grain . 
soaking in dead sea salt cleanses and rejuvenates the skin . 
it is extremely relaxing to soak in it . 
i play basketball a lot 
and i am often very sore afterwards . 
it seems to help to soak in these salts afterwards . 
it seems to help speed up the healing process a lot . 
if i had to choose i would pick a scented salt 
on application i find it too heavy and my skin could n't breath . 
i did not my skin look any better or improvement using this product . 
i personally would not recommend this . 
i love this deep waver . 
i left it on my bed and it burned it . 
i mainly use this for my peach fuzz . 
the pain was really bad 
but i did n't want to walk around with a half shaved 
so i finished the rest- which took forever since i kept pausing- 
and my face looked better overall . 
i use it once a week and tweeze the really small hairs left over . 
the will be some redness afterwards 
but it 'll go down . 
if you have irritation , discontinue use . 
beauty is pain 
i bought this set because it was cheap and had great reviews . 
i am already using it for two weeks , twice a day . 
just the right size for a person who wears glasses . 
curls easily , light weight . 
look very natural . 
i reused these . 
what a great difference this makes ! 
i hate having to pay for something that does n't work . 
i 'd rather the jar be smaller than deceptively large like that.product 
is okay . 
i ' ve used better masks . 
this left my skin slightly dull . 
clean , but dull.i will not buy it again . 
use sparingly . 
i love the product , but the applicator is dreadful . 
i use a kabuki brush to apply it . 
i also wish the would offer a translucent or 1 shade lighter . 
i do n't even need a freaking toner with this most of the time ! 
it 's fast and not nearly as damaging as other types i have used . 
i love it ! 
it 's a cute pattern and its very feminine . 
i like it a lot ! ! 
i definitely recommend it . 
for the price , you can not beat it   - 
i tried this self tanner about a year ago and had a horrible experience . 
so i went and bought it in a local pharmacy . 
this stuff is awful . 
i 'll be returning it today . 
i have 3 of them and i m so hooked . 
i ' m for sure buying more . 
i use a primer underneath and they stay on all day without creasing . 
they are an amazing base under eyeshadows ! 
they are really soft , creamy , and pigmented ! 
this really is a great deal ! 
it has a decent amount of sprays . 
the fill instructions are easy to understand and well - written . 
i really do n't like this mirror . 
i always bump into it and knock it down . 
my daughter and husband do like it however , so it gets 2 stars . 
pretty colors , good pigmentation , not as creamy as i would like 
but they do their job , nothing 
but what i expected 
the negative is the lip brush is too small and scanty . 
i think the glosses need to be paired on top of lipsticks . 
my aunt got one of these and i was very skeptical . 
i have to admit she 's been using it 
and there 's actually some improvement . 
this smells sooooooo good ! 
when i put it on it 
smells like i have just sprayed my legs and hands in body mist . 
no side effects , so i ordered it on subscribe and save .   - 
i do use them for applying dry powder . 
so of course i had to try . 
the packaging was good the product it 's self was good . 
the lashes are really thin and whimsy an light . 
definitely good for people who do n't have hooded lids . 
these lashes are good for doubling to make a more dramatic look . 
otherwise i have nothing to complain about . 
i love this fall festival palette from coastal scents . 
i was packaged secured and shipped promptly . 
yes , i would very much consider purchasing again . 
love these colors , i would highly recommend this product . 
just love it . 
tried cheap ones , they are not good . 
big fan , and it 's a lot cheaper than the expensive brands ! 
i love that i can keep it on my shelf with subscribe and save ! 
its really fun . 
my lashes are long and sparse so i was looking for a filler . 
it really does work ! 
it works even better if you blow dry your hair after you use it . 
i guess the heat activates this stuff?the only thing is .... be careful ! 
that 's why sheets like these are such a necessity for me . 
the mix of colors were fine ! 
i got a little bit of each 
and it 's really cute . 
i too purchased this plate just for the splatter . 
i used it as a blood splatter   see my added photo . 
so far konad    mash are the best i ' ve found . 
first off i do n't buy cheap 
it 's gives me migranes . 
but i loved paris 's original scent 
so i went ahead and ordered this one . 
and after the first application i could n't stop smelling my wrists ! 
it just smells delicious ! 
thank you amazon ! 
useless product i threw it out . 
i have been using talika products for about 4 yrs . 
this product is perfect . 
i use it twice a day 
and i noticed dramatic results within about 2 weeks . 
not only are my lashes longer , but fuller as well . 
also , i wear contact lenses and have never experienced any itching or irritation . 
it comes in a small jar but a little goes a long way . 
i ' ve been using it every day . 
next time i 'll buy a darker color . 
it really works and it 's making me look younger . 
i put it under my eyes and it conceals the dark spots . 
would nt give it any stars ! 
it sheds like crazy !     
waste of money . 
that s all i can say . 
do nt buy it 
very handy to my needs . 
my method of use is as follows   
i am a very satisfied consumer ! 
i use both , alternating days . 
the agadir product has a nice fragrance and i love the spray format . 
i can control just how much i put on my hair . 
the first hair appointment i had after using this product 
beautiful shade of green . 
highly recommend . 
the first thing she did not like was the way that it smelled . 
she says it has a strange lingering after smell that she did not like . 
she has very kinky brown hair and needs alot to tame those frizzies . 
worth the buy ! 
it was very dark , too . 
snooki - like . 
i followed the directions exactly . 
here 's what i ' ve done to fix my particular problem   
i quickly apply the product , avoiding ankles and knees until the last swipe . 
then i immediately wash my hands . 
my order arrived on time and as expected . 
i actually use this concealer palette on my brows . 
i wanted a mixture of colors to choose from . 
this works great ! 
money well spent . 
i have n't had a good brush in a really long time . 
i found about about these from a youtube lady , foxylocksextensions . 
i love the nylon teeth 
the way i observed foxylocksextensions on youtube use it was to tease her hair . 
but it feels a little top heavy . 
this one was beautiful 
i love it and its colors are great ... 
they are great a must for every lady at there ..... 
thanks again love love love .................. 
instead , it 's almost like a regular pencil eyeliner . 
at first you think it will feel heavy , but it does n't . 
i wear this over bb cream every day and it works wonders . 
it is not full coverage , but not bad for a drug store product . 
i get mine at stop and shop . 
this one is very feminine , light    sweet . 
great combination for a perfume . 
i use this dish to pour acetone in and it 's held up nicely . 
i do worry about dropping and breaking it , but so far so good . 
it seems a little lighter than the regular euphoria scent . 
a little more flowery , but not an overwhelming amount . 
first time user of manic panic . 
that had faded to a brownish color 
so i got this vampire red for a refresher . 
my hair is average thickness but straight , 2 - 3 inches below shoulders . 
i used the whole jar in 1 application . 
it was n't messy , very easy to apply . 
problem is it stains like crazy ! 
i knew it would stain which was nt a problem . 
the problem is it stained my neck even after wipping off immediately . 
its been 2 - 3 weeks and my neck is still stained . 
next problem i knew about is the bleeding . 
the color however is very beautiful when put over darker hair . 
it has faded but very little ! 
its still the same color red just not as bold and intense . 
the purple one works ! and its awesome ! ! ! 
but the pink thing ... 
i have very sensitive skin and this stuff just feels great does not irritate . 
definitely a brightening effect directly after the mask was on . 
i love the way this makes my face glow without looking glittery . 
nothing too bad . 
i still love it . 
item is as stated . 
fully satisfied and recommend anyone else to buy this product . 
customer service was excellent . 
very nice moisturizer ! 
i also love that it has a nice clean refreshing scent . 
why not call it ultra mineral oil ... 
as a nurse my hands are always dry . 
no amount of lotion or oil helps . 
i can quickly and cleanly nip them off when they are tiny . 
the design allows me to use them easily with my non - dominant hand . 
i am going to buy a 2nd pair to keep in my purse . 
pricey but worth it ! 
it took a longer time to receive   longer than the stated time . 
that said , i can superglue the stones back on . 
it 's pretty beyond the stones falling out . 
it does ship a long way . 
it would be 5 stars except the stones were out . 
i have to say the seller was lovely . 
the sellers are very nice . 
the pomade smells great and makes my hair shiny ! 
but , on the ingredient list these 3 oils after a plethora of chemicals 
i can not pronounce and 
i ' m sure are not   all natural ! 
moreover , the frangrance is totally overwhelming ! 
i passed this along to my 12-year old son . 
he has sensitive skin and is going through puberty . 
the lotion is non - greasy with a very mild smell . 
he loved it instantly . 
the next day he used it after washing his face in the morning . 
my only issue is that is does n't have any type of uv protection . 
i ve never owned liquid eyeliner . 
the color is great it last all day . 
i will order this again . 
the price was acceptable and cheaper than most other high rated products . 
i liked this product a lot . 
it 's not too heavy . 
so i go with them . 
and i agree on that . 
after massaging it in , pain does seem lessened and joints less stiff . 
it 's really quite nice as a massaging oil for that purpose . 
and it 's very faint . 
was provided with 1 bottle to sample for unbiased review . 
i ' m not sure how this works 
but it seems to clean your hair just by rubbing it in . 
my hair did feel cleaner after using it . 
a great product but would only use occasionally 
nice clean smell also . 
so at least you would smell clean . 
this mascara works great ! ! ! 
plus it 's healthy for the eyes and will not irritate ! 
it does n't take much of it to get a thick , rich lather . 
try it and see for yourself . 
this is the good stuff ! 
its nice very good color but u need 2 or 3 coat overall nice color 
i love it n enjoy it 
these are tiny things , but that 's what i wanted ! 
i love this stuff . 
i use this twice a day after washing my face . 
i also use the serum once per day . 
it relieves the tight feeling when your face is dry . 
seems to help hair behave . 
my wife has colored hair and she likes it . 
when i run out of my own pantene   volume   i use this . 
i have horribly sensitive , yet oily skin . 
this is absolutely my go to mascara . 
it makes my eyelashes thick and it separates them . 
this is even better than some of the department store brands . 
love it ! 
i ' m not really all that technical when it comes to my hair 
it gets to that point   if you use hair wax 
you know what i mean   where it feels a bit more smooth 
i can not say i dislike it 
but i also do n't find it too appealing . 
given i goto the gym most days   
and i do n't shower before   
and it just does n't do a good job of controlling . 
what can i say about nail gems - the best . 
but these are coloured which adds to the the fun . 
i highly recommend them ! 
i discontinued using it . 
but i have never seen a swiss army knife with a nail clipper . 
for travel . 
kind of messy since you never use an entire packet at once . 
i ' ve used this a few times and i love it ! 
this works great at blending the tanner in a little more . 
fast shipping ! 
this one is my favorite . 
i was n't optimistic but i have been pleasantly surprised . 
i am very pleased and will definitely continue to use ! 
i got this gel because of a youtube video , crazy enough . 
the woman had really dark under arms and after awhile they brightened significantly . 
i first got it , the tube looks like a paint tube . 
you have to poke a hole for the gel to come out . 
.anyway , i have a problem with dark underarms , 
i ' m 20 years old 
and i just never had confidence wearing sleeveless jerseys . 
i use it everyday after i shower . 
or just do what my grandma does   
but then i started to really look and notice the area was brightening . 
it also looks natural   so far . 
so i will update on how that goes . 
but so far , this does work . 
i ' ve even showed my mom   lol   
and she notices the area is much brighter 
and it was n't as ugly as it use to be . 
i ' m confident with my right under arm but not my left underarm ... 
so i could wear a sleeveless with only a right underarm haha.warning ! ! ! 
you should read this ! ! ! ... 
if you have had success with this , good for you . 
it also left scrapping marks . 
now , i ' m an idiot for doing that . 
but i did n't think it would be so harsh . 
it disappeared after 2 days or so . 
but this thing is more harsh than it appears . 
i have acne actually , and i have scars . 
it got worse and 
now i ' m back to normal with even more scars ... 
maybe if you find something really gentle , give it a shot . 
but a lot of things nowadays are harsh and abrasive . 
it makes everything worse . 
just take it from me . 
my face is okay now but pain is beauty . 
that 's all i got ta say about that ! ! 
you 'd have to wait a few days to even apply this . 
shaving can contribute to under arm darkness too ! ! ! 
when i stopped shaving i saw a massive improvement . 
then this gel just makes it better . 
becareful ! ! ! 
these are fantastic nail brushes . 
they hold up well 
the small brushes are excellent for creating small , detailed designs . 
i ' ve finally found my staple moisturizer ! 
i ' ve never used a moisturizer that makes my hair feel so amazing ! 
the smell is also incredible . 
see note below   for the quality and amount received . 
are these sellers out of their minds ? 
a few years ago , was introduced to this product by my daughter . 
these are not bad . 
they were not wrapped in plastic when i received them 
so i washed them before i use them . 
they hold my hair easily and came in three different colors . 
i wear my dirty hair hat often . 
the smell is not something i think a man would want lingering   
it 's a sweet , almost gardenia - like floral . 
so it 's nice to have around . 
i wish i could give this no stars . 
i wanted a healthy alternative for dye . 
i always dyed my hair so i decided to get something without chemicals . 
it was no lighter or darker . 
not only that 
i will never again purchase this ... 
this sunscreen does its job quite well . 
the cost of this product is a hefty   1.24 oz . 
there are six ounces in the container . 
the skin absorbs the lotion leaving no grease traces . 
good idea . 
i will not be ordering a duplicate replacement for that reason . 
the black platinum is n't as black as i wanted . 
it it more of a dark gray 
and it is quite sheer . 
i wanted a nice solid black that was shiny and this was n't it . 
the black platinum is a no go . 
this scent reminds me of white shoulders . 
it is a white floral . 
i really like it , but others hate it . 
it is a personal preference , i guess . 
it is a good price for the size . 
my only complaint is the staying power . 
it does n't last long at all ! 
for example , i sprayed it on my wrists before i went to bed . 
by morning , there was no trace of the scent at all . 
it is lovely over a solid color or on its own . 
the glitter pieces are small gold , orange and red . 
get it and enjoy it ! ! 
brush gets smoshed after only 3 washed but great product for the money ! 
it does make alot ofnoise though while using . 
moisture shampooandnexxus hydralight weightless moisture leave - in conditioning foam . 
it feels noticeably softer and actually looks smoother . 
excellent product ! 
i love love love this . 
my hair is considerate a 3c-4a . 
i am telling you this works for me . 
i have already ordered another one before the other one runs out . 
i am hooked . 
not a great hairspray ... but not bad either . 
also , it leaves a lot of buildup . 
this is the best pore cover i have ever tried . 
it feels clean on my skin ... not greasy and looks great . 
i have used clinique in the past with less satisfying results . 
i ended up throwing it away . 
alot of the same colors but also good quality nail polishes in the bunch . 
may order in future need brighter colors 
my skin has never felt so good ! 
probably one of the best soaps i ' ve ever used . 
would totally buy again ! 
price is fair for wen . 
i notice my hair falls off in the shower more than usual . 
it has a nice scent . 
this is such a great styling cream . 
i like to use this in dry weather . 
my scalp gets itchy and bothers me in dry weather . 
the first time i used this it was so soothing on my scalp . 
this has a very light hold . 
a little bit goes a long way . 
if you use too much your hair will be white and creamy . 
for being axe , the scent is pretty mild . 
some axe products are really strong but this one is nice and mild . 
i like to use this on my son due to the light hold . 
it keeps his hair down and looks like a matte finish . 
i am not sure i understand the hype behind this product . 
i purchased this product from amazon because the price was better than sephora . 
not worth the money . 
i love everything about this product . 
my hair seems to have more bounce and volume also . 
i bought this for my aunt who loves the philosophy line 
and she really likes this moisturizer . 
this suave body oil spray is light and airy . 
it feels comfortable on your skin and helps make it a little softer . 
overall i nice product . 
waste of ten bucks . 
i really do n't see what the big deal is . 
it 's not amazing . 
and there is a slight unpleasant scent of rubber to it . 
first , you love a company that stands behind their product . 
this product was proven in a clinical trial to work . 
i have pimples on my neck from sweating too much while working and exercising . 
this vitamin c serum works to keep your skin clear and looking young . 
i know we all worry about getting old and wrinkly . 
products like this , helps keep us looking young . 
it actually gets rid of the wrinkles and gives you smoother skin . 
healthier too . 
love this nail polish . 
it is a whole lot prettier than my other holo glitters ! ! ! 
it really picks up the light and is like a shining star . 
this prevents the skin being damaged further by dragging it . 
the product smells lovely , very natural and not overpowering at all . 
i bought it from amazon.com llc but its not authentic . 
it does not smell like i smelled it in departmental store . 
packaging was broken as well . 
i had to toss all of them out.if 
okay , , , so tmi review ! 
seriously!this product works perfect for days 3 - 5 ! 
it 's amazing ! 
not surprised . 
it 's is soo comfortable . 
you have to stick it a little bit back in there . 
it 's more complex then a pad or tampon . 
but it really is amazing ! 
clean up is probably the worse of all options . 
it can be messy and awkward to dispose of in a plublic restroom . 
lot 's of tp 
needed!so idk ... 
it ultimately depends on what you like to deal with during you 're period . 
bye !   
i was excited to have the opportunity to try this facial cream . 
as i get older , i am more careful about my skin care regimen . 
after only a few days , my face was noticeably smoother . 
however , i just can not stand the scent!what i liked about this product    
it works . 
i saw a difference after only a few days .   
the beautiful packaging . 
the product comes in a heavy red glass container . 
it got on my pillow 
i do quite a few nail designs with all sizes of brushes . 
the one thing i wished this came with were smaller stripper brushes . 
the feel is amazing . 
it also soothes the skin and makes it feel smooth . 
it 's a great product i recommend it for light to mild rashes .   
anything serious should be consulted with dermatologist first 
a lot of reviews said it made your skin itchy . 
it did n't make my skin itch . 
maybe a tiny bit   hardly noticeable , but just for a few minutes . 
but it was fine . 
nothing to bother about . 
also , it was not sticky   but dried very quickly on my skin . 
if this stuff works , it 's worth it ! 
i just wish i knew how much to use!i will keep you updated . 
thank you . 
this product is not worth the price . 
you have to use so much and the results are n't great . 
i always wear my down in front 
and i got acne all over my chest . 
it was so ugly . 
my hair looked ok 
but i wanted to hide my chest . 
on days i wear my hair up 
i will use this just bc 
it was 22 dollars . 
would not purchase again . 
... well not outside of having a facial . 
the scrub that comes with this runs out very fast . 
the combination of this olay product with the l'oreal scrub is perfect . 
love pampering myself ! 
this product is well worth the price ! ! 
it works amazingly leaving your hair soft and it smells great . 
my boyfriend ca nt stop touching and smelling my hair . 
love love love it 
final update   
i get my relaxer in 2 days . 
i have used this oil for 4 weeks . 
because it is sooooo uneven , i need to grow my hair out quickly . 
i will update and upgrade my review if the hair growth occurs.update   1   
it has been about 3 weeks . 
i have not seen miraculous hair growth . 
i think it has grown about 1 4 of an inch . 
all good , i like her soft . 
it feels silky smooth and dries up fast once you apply it . 
i was pleased with this item . 
the price was great . 
there are so many rhinestones ! ! 
and occasionally they will get transferred into another slot . 
but the rhinestones themselves are wonderful , they last long too . 
overall , i am very pleased with my purchase . 
i found it pleasant however . 
it is much too strong and   grainy   for everyday use . 
i will continue to use this occasionally as needed.the price is incredibly reasonable too . 
a winner ! 
i bought this based on a youtube beauty guru 's review . 
i was so excited and wanted to like it . 
i ' ve tried it numerous times . 
total waste of   7 . 
i went back to chanel and coughed up the dough for great mascara . 
some things you do get what you pay for . 
do n't believe the hype . 
this stuff is bad in every regard and has a strange odor . 
maybe i got a bad batch but its in the makeup junkyard now 
and i will not try this again . 
the most wonderful refreshing sent and it 's not greasy . 
i love it . 
keeps your skin soft and i ' m sure you will love it too . 
my ophthalmologist told me to use these twice a day . 
they really work and make your eyelids feel so much better . 
so i do that 
-   i have used this for years and use it daily . 
and i do n't want to throw it away just yet . 
okay for my hair 
they have just a nice , clean scent that is n't overwhelming . 
i even use this shampoo as a shower gel or to shave my legs- 
, it 's a great all - around product at an inexpensive price . 
works amazing no complaints at all good for it 's price hands down best brushes 
ever i love them and you will to . 
covergirl trublend minerals loose powder is an amazing beauty product . 
i can not believe that it 's under ten dollars too ! 
either way , it really does blend in super effectively with your skin tone . 
i love it and will definitely continue to purchase it . 
these lipsticks are so fun to experiment with . 
i ' m trying to accomplish ! 
12 colors makes it easy to choose to match with certain looks . 
very good quality , and it lasts a while ! 
great as a refreshing spray to keep in my purse . 
i especially like the applicators- 
these are the best . 
my face feels like silk , and my makeup glides over the top . 
it was easily screwed back on , but i should have checked it first . 
these are truly luxury products ! 
so with this product . 
it has a really nice pleasant smell . 
finished.this is a product i will continue to use , as well as buy . 
well worth a try because i loved it.jinger jarrettauthor ,   ... 
my skin was dry with the winter , felt rough and looked washed out . 
they would n't sell so much if the products were n't good . 
it removed some of the dead skin cells i believe and looks younger . 
i have 4 a b - type hair . 
this product really helps to define my curls and really moisturizes my dry hair . 
it clumps my curls together nicely and leaves my dull hair shiny . 
i also use the hair milk , which helps detangle my hair . 
i really like how my hair feels using this product . 
my dermatologist recommended vanicream years ago and i still use it daily . 
i have found no product that i like better for moisturizing my skin . 
love this product and the great price offered 
m glad i did . 
i really , really like it.yes , it will feel quite wet . 
imagine , spraying mist on your face from really close . 
that 's the feeling you get . 
and it will last all day ... at least on my normal - type skin 
-- i can not speak about other types.some cons   hence 
-1 star     
the brush that comes with it is so - so . 
i have heavily bleached , bright blue hair . 
as such , i try to avoid using heat on it . 
these are the perfect solution . 
i personally use beyond the zone mousse to make the curls stay . 
these are very easy to sleep in . 
i was very happy with how this conditioner worked . 
i am very happy with the conditioner . 
so i applied powder over it , but then my skin looked like leather . 
i returned it . 
this could be a great concealer 
but i thought their would be some directions . 
i do n't know because it came with no instructions . 
it would be more than helpful . 
........... guess that 's what they meant by professional camouflage concealer 
however , overall great product . 
i have very fair skin . 
hope this helps . 
not much to say-- 
it 's a nice brush and it 's held up to daily use . 
feels soft , but applies eyeshadow much more nicely than the shadow wands . 
i love the comb of this mascara ! 
it seems like ti coats so much better ! 
i really love it and will now use it forever ! 
so healing to skin    helps you have healthy skin . 
i love it in my diy skin    hair care 
just like everyone else said , it 's super soft and eco friendly . 
i stumbled upon this item at k - mart 
so that 's where i brought this from . 
saved on s h lol . 
glad they sell it at kmart . 
i really like this eye cream 
, i use it every morning and every night . 
it has helped diminish my crows feet and under eye wrinkles alittle . 
been using it for 2 months now , i would buy this again . 
i ' m going outdoors more these days to work in the garden . 
i know that the sun will dry out my skin , and hair 
so i need something extra . 
even after just a short time i already notice the difference . 
my husband says my skin is so much softer . 
i recommend this to all my friends and family . 
absolutely nothing.after using this product my nails have grown longer and stronger . 
i can not even remember the last time they have been this long ! ! 
now i can wear just one coat of nailtique and they look flawless . 
even when i remove the product my nails feel tough and no longer bend . 
and they have n't peeled once since i started using it . 
i swear by this product , and i will never be without it ! 
i really like this for a night cream . 
my face is very soft and smooth in the morning . 
i 'd like it a little better if it had a fresher scent - 
essie is good polish , and goes on easy and smooth with no streaking . 
it does chip a little bit . 
not my favorite . 
this is fantastic ! 
my skin feels smooth , clean and is amazingly clear now . 
my whole face takes ten minutes 
highly recommend ! 
wet to straight flat iron seemed to good to be true and unfortunately was . 
i have long thick curly hair . 
it fried my hair wet   after vigorous towel drying . 
and did not dry it . 
recommended to try on thinner , fast drying hair . 
i have fine straight hair . 
this age defy advanced thickening treatment really worked great for me and my hair . 
the style looked great and the thickening helped it to stay all day . 
i was a little disappointed in this razor . 
i love this cellulite , body cream . 
know it 's working ! 
second time buying it .... and will once again -- thankyou ! 
good quality product ! 
the box looks really nice and i really love the gold polish . 
i already have a bottle of zoya white but still bought the trio 
i practircar better.not only do i use on my nails but to my cell phone 
decorations.i really liked the models . 
buy it again 
this product prevents my hair from frizzing up . 
i apply a small dime size in my medium lenght hair each morning . 
i wish it smelled a little better . 
it does n't stink 
but i ' m used to other products that smell more pleasant . 
besides that it 's a great product . 
i came across this at ulta and decided to try it . 
i am so impressed with this product . 
i ' m 22 
so i certainly was n't expecting a younger looking face . 
i purchased this product to help with dryness . 
and i ' ve been using it for a week . 
even my boyfriend said i looked different- and that 's saying something ! 
it 's 15 bucks- why not give it a try ? 
you will not regret it . 
i know it 's called lotion , but it is still very runny . 
the worst part is the smell . 
this is a great color . 
can not go wrong with o.p.i . 
it 's ok- smells nice , but do n't think i will buy again . 
i prefer no chemicals 
so i thought worse case 
i 'd have a bottle 
that removes the excess and lets it dry carefully . 
still have to separate those eyelashes sometimes , though . 
still , can not beat the coverage . 
the original konad plates are great . 
this cream is a great night time moisturizer . 
it is a little too heavy for me to use during the day . 
it has a pleasant scent , and it is not over bearing . 
i do n't like the smell as much as some other reviewers did- 
i 'd have rather 
it had no smell or a different one . 
but , i do like how my hair feels the morning 
after.i usually use more pumps- 
i have thick hair going down my back some 
and i probably use about 4 , maybe 5 pumps . 
i ' m glad i have it , 
but i do n't use it every night 
maybe only a couple times a week . 
i love this product ! ! ! ! ! 
and could not do without it . 
if you have problem skin please please try it . 
my dermatologist recommended it to me and i have been so happy . 
the price was a little steep but i did get a pack of three . 
other than the price i would purchase again . 
so i will not repurchase as i hate the feeling . 
has already been clearing up my acne and i am so far very happy ! 
hopefully it will keep on working!2 thumbs up ! 
i have used this product w   
i am always getting compliments on how shiny    silver my hair looks . 
my grandaughters love to shower    my house    use this product ... 
it makes their hair shiney , too . 
an excellent product that actually works is well worth the price ! 
it is my favorite thickening creme to date ! 
and the price is n't bad ! 
i am so glad i tried it ! 
it has lasted a long time and is my favorite brush . 
began falling apart on first use . 
great in theory 
but these do not work ! 
but i ' ve been using it for about 2 months now 
and i simply love it . 
it 's easy to use 
and i love the easy speed adjuster wheel . 
attachment.so i ' m going to need to purchase a medium grit attachment . 
but as a starter kit , it 's great!i definitely recommend this grinder . 
it seems like it was a great buy for the price point 
and it 's not ' cheap ' or flimsy in the least . 
i would purchase it again . 
it actually worked the first time i used it . 
my hair is almost shoulder length , fine , and thin . 
i washed and conditioned my hair like usual . 
i did not section off my hair . 
i have no patience or coordination for that type of thing . 
i did the sides and top of my hair first . 
i started at the top and worked my way down . 
i am not sure why it was so random . 
it could have been the angle of the dryer ? 
i left my hair like this while i got dressed . 
then i ran my fingers through my hair . 
did i have the most amazing waves and body ever ! 
nothing ever curls my hair , but this did it for me . 
the smaller the sections , the curlier the hair . 
the larger the sections , the wavier the hair . 
it was certainly much quicker than drying and using a curling iron . 
my waves last three days at a time ! 
well , here i am to admit that i was so wrong ! 
even better , two days later 
i ' m in loooove ! 
pureology is a great product ! 
i have tried this and the origional kind and like them both . 
i also not longer have frizzy hair , with out using any antifriz products . 
i guess the cheap stuff is just full of junk . 
this is my major splurge but it works ! 
this was the answer to my purse problems ! 
i will order more for christmas ! 
the package recommends not using them more than once every three days . 
i have had no adverse reactions to this item . 
i can not get enough of adovia products ! 
they go so well with my skin . 
these salts are comparable to spa quality , in my opinion . 
it 's so lavish and awesome smelling . 
the dead sea salts are my favorite to use on my oily skin . 
skip this product . 
the first thing that attracted me to the eos lip balms was their shape- 
i knew i would always be able to find them in my messy purse ! 
i love that they are organic , and they taste amazing . 
definitely worth every penny to keep my lips soft and smooth . 
this lotion smells wonderfully just like green apple while in the bottle 
i purchased this because i was wanting a green apple scent but dislike perfumes . 
this was a mistake on my part . 
so i can actually tell that it has a scent . 
i ' ve trimmed them to make sure they fit.they will not stay on . 
i got them to stick and had applied them so nearly perfectly 
i do n't believe anyone would notice they 're not my eyelashes . 
they looked marvelous . 
the lashes really are pretty gorgeous . 
they were coming off . 
i looked like carol burnett doing gloria swanson in sunset boulevard.and 
that 's the day i threw in the towel . 
i will not be buying them again . 
i may try another brand . 
i bought it 2 weeks ago . 
i have n't seen my nails this long in 15 yrs ! ! 
i will be buying this product again ! ! ! 
having the complexion of a strawberry blond , graying hair is n't flattering .   
very natural looking    easy to apply . 
i use precut wax paper to separate layers while it dries . 
a great help to   going gray . 
even when i tried super glue . 
also it is good to use when practicing applying the acrylic . 
it 's really wobbly if you put anything substantive in it at all . 
so i had some reservations going into this . 
it 's probably especially good for those with skin conditions like excema . 
i can genuinely recommend this . 
a little goes a long way 
and you just barely want to wet the surface with it . 
great stuff ! 
i use it for everything   my hair , skin , nails . 
opening the bottle 
plus , it is organic too . 
i mainly use this when i want to leave my hair out . 
moisturizes well and help with locking in the moisture . 
i would recommend this product . 
i have tried many different products but always come back to the sprunch spray . 
i absolutely adore this color ! 
i have over 90 bottles of nail polish   
this is by far the best color ever ! 
a great dark red and it 's nice and shiny 
you do n't even need a top coat ! 
and i both have autism   asperger 's syndrome . 
both of us are sensitive to sound noise . 
that is way shorter than intended . 
the flowbee is fine . 
i attached it to our vacuum cleaner and tested it on my bangs first . 
looks like a toddler took pinking sheers to my fringe ! 
not great . 
not even good . 
but passable for school 
the haircut pro feels more intuitive ... 
and he has cowlicks all over his head which makes any cut challenging . 
device and next time 
another cream promising miracle results with no scientific evidence to back up their claims . 
i always want to believe that these things will work so i try everything . 
unfortunately , another one has let me down . 
i ' ve used it for several weeks almost exactly as directed . 
i can not tell any difference in the appearance of cellulite on my legs . 
overall , it was a total failure on all levels in my opinion . 
i have had my chi iron for over 6 years and still functions perfectly . 
it 's totally worth it to invest into a chi iron . 
but eventually ends up with a chi . 
this is the gold standard in eyeliner . 
the product does give great results for the price with continued use . 
after primer dries on eyelashes top with mascara for great results ! 
the cuticle pusher does what it 
says.my only gripe is the nail cleaner end arrived corroded . 
i guess i got what i paid for . 
it 's wonderful ! 
.this is an all in one product . 
i was pretty excited to try this product . 
it 's a good cleaner . 
smells like medicine . 
nothing floral or fruity.it 's   creamy . 
i guess that 's a pro if you like that sort of thing . 
it leaves a residue that you can feel on wet skin . 
not noticeable when it dries , though.did n't do a thing for my acne . 
i went back to my neutogena regimine after trying this a while . 
my acne was getting worse.whether 
just the facts , ma'am . 
i love this polish ! ! ! 
i got it to go with what wizardry is this ? . 
so glad i did ! 
it 's a stunning soft gold . 
i ordered from nail polish and more and got it in literally 2 days ! 
defiantly a 5 star polish ! 
been using rogaine since being diagnosed with alopecia areata incognito . 
i have used rogaine alongside of topical steroids and shampoos.the downside 
it is n't bad , but younique is much better . 
my skin is normal to oily with dryness around my nose . 
i rarely breakout . 
no , this did not work for me.i 
have nc20-nc25 skin tone . 
the olay bb cream fair to light seemed a good match . 
it is ... 
err ... skin colored . 
i mean , it is neither too pink , too orange or too gray . 
it is a thin consistency that seems to get on everything you touch 
so i applied using a damp sponge . 
at first it even seemed to mattify my forehead . 
i can not stand moisturizers that feel heavy.this 
bb cream is also heavily perfumed . 
my eyes were tearing as i applied it 
and i had to redo my mascara.this 
was no good for me . 
however in fairness this may be the right cream for someone else . 
but keep in mind there are much better choices out there . 
i really liked this conditioner a lot ! 
the smell is quite pleasant because it 's minty with overtones of rosemary . 
i wear my hair curly , and this leaves my hair soft and bouncy . 
great product and great price too . 
beautiful hair piece overall . 
easy to snap on and easy to snap off . 
blends well with black dyed hair . 
the length is good . 
i have wavy hair that frizzes at the mention of humidity . 
i was visiting a friend in orlando recently   
, it dried my hair faster 
and yes , my hair was straighter and shinier . 
, i guess my days of using hotel hair dryers are over ....... 
i love the two sides of this mirror . 
although the bulbs do get hot quick . 
does n't do anything at all . 
it does keep your skin moist , but it does n't correct anything . 
it 's too expensive for not keeping up with promises 
given this , i think it is quite clear i ' m a fan ! 
typically , i spray this on after i wash my face . 
i ' ve gone through and filled them with other sprays . 
my only personal vice with is its price . 
i may never find that , so i will continue with this toner . 
, what 's the point ? 
and you stop using , the effects are gone ? 
no , thank you . 
happy i pay little money for it 
i hate hate it so much 
i would never pay it again . 
the overwhelming response was ponds . 
bought to use as sold as moisturizing with lotions and potions . 
i bought the socks too . 
my hands must be too small ... 
i think of them as small to average . 
always the same glove . 
it 's happened from the very first time i used them . 
the foot wear ... 
ok i ' ve lost both of those a couple of times too . 
but i would n't buy again probably . 
they wash fine and i ' ve only hand washed mine and air dried . 
i used these daily in the am and pm for washing my face . 
they clean just as well as soap and water ! 
i ended up using them up and ordered a bonus pack . 
they do n't sting your eyes either . 
i will always keep some on hand ! 
i absolutely love cetaphil , it was da only product dat 
kould klear my face , i used it wen 
n da 5th grade 
but i ran out , so naturally i had 2 order it again ! 
the scent is light and smells heavenly . 
yum ! ! ! 
alone this mascara was underwhelming . 
it was ok , but nothing that totally blew me away . 
but coupled with the other voluminous mascara , wow ! 
i looked like i had false lashes on   in the good way . 
i use this everyday . 
i ' m prone to oily shine in my t - zone . 
this keeps my nose and forehead shine free all day . 
great for the price . 
works just as well as the smashbox version . 
it did n't help either hair type . 
ths was an expensive waste for me . 
i ' m not the most steady at applying this 
but i ' m pretty good 
and i looked like a hooker . 
otherwise , they all apply makeup beautifully 
i got this to try and i love it . 
so easy to use and my eye lashes have never looked better . 
i love that it came with extra cushions . 
i liked how thick it was . 
trying to wear foundation on top of this is impossible . 
it mixes with the globs and just makes a big mess . 
have a kid with very thick and wavy , fine hair . 
glopped some of this stuff in my hand 
which they are n't.overall , this seems mostly a novelty product . 
my hair got so fried when i decided to add color to it . 
i really did major damages and this product saved me . 
i was lucky enough to receive this to review and i love it . 
i saw a definite difference in my puffiness and crow 's feet 
but i did n't really see a difference in my dark circles . 
but i really like this cream ! 
i had ordered a clip extension from another seller and it was horrendous ! 
it looked so fake , everyone could notice    
i decided to try 
x y angel 's hair extension and i am so happy i did ! 
this does n't look fake at all . 
i recommend it 100 ! 
i gave this wig 3 stars because it was cheap and had pretty blue 
i like this conditioner . 
it detangles it and works well for coarse and curly hair . 
i recommend this product . 
highly recommended ! 
this is the best moisturizer i ' ve ever used . 
it works all day long and feels amazing on my skin . 
i have eczema and i will continue to keep buying ! 
taking these every day has minimized my hormonal acne and cramps . 
i only have one day of cramping compared to three and no pms breakouts ! 
it has nt been this good since 9th grade . 
it is nasty and has an aftertaste 
too many chemicals ..... back to plain coconut oil for me . 
this is good but was a little to gressy for me . 
it leaves my skin soft and helps with my fine lines and wrinkles . 
i am glad to order this product for my hair . 
a little goes a long way . 
this was my first time trying this product . 
i love it . 
i was really worried about spending so much on an iron . 
i mean come on , 
how could it be worth that kind of money ? 
but it is . 
love it . 
if it broke i would not hesitate to buy another . 
bought this at a beauty store and it burns your eyes and lids . 
it 's hard and when it dries feels like plastic 
it states it adjusts to your skin color . 
it truly does ! 
i love this foundation ! 
i will be purchasing it again ! 
i have waist length very fine yet very thick straight hair . 
i love this product ! 
i am hispanic and have medium to tan skin . 
i love the light formula and the effect the highlighter creates . 
my skin is very sensitive and this does not break it out at all . 
i will definitely be repurchasing this ! 
i yet have to find a better shine spray then biosilk . 
yes , its expensive but sometimes for a good prodcut 
you got ta drop the cash 
it gets frizzy , curly , and just a big mess . 
this mini hair straightener is a must have in my purse . 
its portable , small , and heats up quickly . 
since i fear that the chord may melt . 
i really like this eye mask . 
i keep it in the freezer in a plastic baggy when not in use 
it is a nice weight and feels really comforting on . 
this shampoo is a nice alternative to head and shoulders . 
it has a nice scent and appeared to be effective as an antidandruff shampoo . 
i love this color and the formula of this polish . 
i bought the konad double sided stamper to use with the bundle monster plates . 
i lightly filed the stamper as i has seen suggested in other reviews . 
i am sold ! 
gives my natural nails and nice shine and makes them nice and smooth . 
will definitely purchase this again when i run out . 
they are not to soft and not to hard 
so it feels perfect on the skin . 
i selected this with my son in mind . 
my beard though feels a lot softer and i like that . 
easier to trim .   
when i asked for a rating , he said    34 4 star . 
i like it overall .   
i 'll keep ordering it as long as they keep making it . 
if you shrink from bold , sexy scents , do n't try euphoria . 
i thought i detected amber in the dry - down . 
my fiance ' could smell it on me four hours after application . 
he adores the scent . 
so when stumbled across this product with spf i just had to try it . 
it 's a gel with oil base 
another great use for this gel is for dry , cracked feet . 
the first time i used this 
i told myself , what a strong smell .. 
seals the eyebrows into place without a waxed look . 
works fantastically ... 
i ' m adding another star . 
really liked this . 
i like the dropped better . 
okay what she wanted 
the mascara itself is great , but the brush is so tiny . 
i bought this shampoo and conditioner for my brunette niece . 
oh well , live and learn . 
no yellow hue . 
looks exactly like gold ! 
but this is the best gold 
feb 24 , 2013the formula is streaking 
so it let it completely dry after one layer . 
it pulls drags if you do n't let it dry . 
create a flood or pool on the brush and apply carefully . 
good luck ! 
not a fan . 
i hope i cause at least one person to not buy it . 
dumb return policy . 
adorable packaging , nice brush but a bit too shiny for my taste . 
use very little for daytime otherwise this is a beautiful highlighter . 
i purchased numerous nail art and i like the variety with this product . 
i am happy with this product . 
i did not have a problem with the shipper . 
i love it ! 
can not be good.but sure seems lusciously good ! 
smaller than i had imagined , but still a great value . 
just ok . 
nothing spectacular for me . 
i like the scent 
but it does n't make my hair look any better than other shampoos . 
conair curl fusion ionic ceramic styler hair dryer . 
this hair dryer works really well . 
in fact , it will probably get used until it literally wears out . 
i am a fan of things like these . 
blow dryer , curling irons , straighteners , etc . 
get used at my house . 
but i do still use them.highly recommended if you use these type of products . 
i am really satisfied with it so far . 
but beware , a little goes a long way . 
i got it because it had the    34 eyeless   34   ingredient . 
it is very soft and non - irritating to my eyes 
and i will continue to use it and see what happens ! 
i thought i would give this one with the phloretin a try . 
not good ! 
i had oozing bumps that did not go away for two weeks ! 
i think there may be too much alcohol in this maybe .... 
when you buy this , you will not regret it ! 
i like that it contains glycerine which attracts moisture to dry hair    
w o any conditioning ingredient to moisturize . 
they all work nicely , and this one was no exception . 
still , it was n't detrimental . 
the scent is a generic sort of fresh - shampoo scent . 
this coconut oil has a pleasant lemony smell and is easily absorbed . 
it makes my hair soft , silky , and smooth . 
this mascara goes on like pancake batter . 
it 's awful . 
the consistency is thick and cakey , and it goes on clumpy and unevenly . 
never again . 
may hair was smooth , straight , and silky within a few minutes . 
definitely something to be careful of ! ! 
i love shany products they 're amazing products for an affordable price . 
these colors are beautiful , last long , and are easy to clean up . 
he said he could n't tell i spilled polish . 
big relief for me ! 
i have no complaints about these nail forms . 
they do what they are supposed to . 
and i was able to create very lovely nails . 
there are multiple problems with this product 
there are far better eyelid primers . 
i felt compelled to write this review . 
i just bought this system in march mainly for acne and hyperpigmentation . 
i am african american with acne scars    adult acne ! ! 
yuck ! ! ! 
i use it twice daily    
i am pleased ! ! ! 
this works for me ! ! ! 
much cheaper and more convenient than going to the spa . 
i have a very busy schedule being a family nurse practitioner . 
i can do this while watching tv or reviewing charts ! ! ! 
again , i am pleased ! ! ! 
just came in today . 
i found them to be very pigmented and true on my lips . 
very nice colors but 
again , they 're very pigmented . 
i feel they 're be hard to wear often . 
i have n't seen results in strength . 
my hair does n't have a problem growing long without this product . 
sent back - did n't do a thing for me . 
i wanted to like it but , wishing for results    getting them no . 
my 6 yo daughter hates combing her hair .. 
my daughter keeps one in her backpack for school swimming etc . 
when we misplace one , chaos ensues ! 
the fact that my daughter uses it voluntarily is enough for me . 
i love the way the cord retracts and how the unit folds . 
great lip colors and even concealer blush.the mirror is very big on the compact . 
the whole thing is nicely compact and good for travel . 
i think there is definitely a difference in my appearance . 
my skin is smoother and tighter than it was before . 
otherwise it did n't seem any different than a regular bath . 
considering how expensive it is , i do n't think i 'd purchase it . 
but thanks for giving me the opportunity to try it . 
pantene pro - v fine hair solutions flat to volume shampoo does neither , 
so i ' m happy with it 
despite it 's slightly higher price compared to most shampoos . 
at times , you might be suffering from both ! 
i would n't hesitate purchasing it again ! 
i understand the positive reviews posted here are based on immediate results . 
what about long term ? 
i 'll keep searching for a natural remedy . 
possible side effect , cancer ? 
hellllloooo ! ! 
have at it ! 
i ' m all ears . 
these are next to impossible to use if your are a do it yourself'er . 
i find that the pad is very thick and uses a lot of remover . 
what works for me is foil and gauze . 
these were a waste of money . 
i generally have bad luck with detanglers , particularly comb - in ones . 
i bought this for my daughter 
but i ' ve been using it as well . 
the scent is lovely and it works quickly and well . 
it seems clean and floral without overpowering . 
however , it does not lather well not does not rinse out well . 
but it was not there for me . 
sadly , i will not be using this product again . 
this wig is beautiful i just wish it lasted a little longer . 
not bad at all for the price 
but i will have to start purchasing them 2 at a time . 
i will purchase this one again the ... 
i started wearing the 1b 30 and it was beautiful 
but i did notice the darker ones last longer . 
overall this wig is very nice and i am very pleased with the purchase . 
these are some of my go to brushes . 
they are very well made and nicely sized . 
perfect for traveling . 
overall a great product . 
the product itself was good . 
and i would have lost most if not all of it . 
i contacted the seller and was given his number to call him about it . 
well i got refund but never got a replacement . 
almost 3 weeks have gone by and nothing . 
he is a liar and does not make good on his promises . 
i only got a refund because i went through amazon and requested one . 
will not ever purchase from him again . 
i truly like this product . 
i have used for a couple weeks now . 
can see a real difference in my hair . 
leaves it manageable and shiny . 
i was disappointed with this . 
it made my hair look darker and dingy . 
my hair is blonde , almost white . 
i will not be using this again . 
i still had static electricity in my hair after using this . 
it looks cute but not durable . 
after a month it broke during it wash . 
i would recommend the elf kabuki brush over this one anytime . 
very strong smelling soap . 
it smells good to me , but it is very strong . 
gets my hands nice and clean . 
liked , suoer works well for common nails and gelish . 
good for this price . 
i recommend if you do not want to spend much money . 
i have some redness on my arms and wanted a good body exfoliator . 
i like this flat iron . 
it heats up almost immediately . 
it works great on my hair and does nt burn my hair . 
what a bargain for the price . 
there are choices of heat settings . 
i just use it to smooth out my already straight hair . 
love it . 
i used this product to fill in some of the gaps in my hair . 
i followed the instructions . 
this process is messy and looks ridiculous under fluorescent lighting . 
oh well .   
nothing ventured nothing gained . 
works great at covering flaws while still looking natural . 
a little goes a long way 
so the tube should last a very long time . 
cute and perfect the size to do some fun stuff with my nails . 
the amazon price is hard to beat , too . 
plus , i liked that they ' ve been tested by ophthalmologists .and . 
should note that it 's still a bit skin chapping outside .   
but i found that my super sensitive , allergy prone skin , did not.pam t 
this moisturizer made my skin feel soothed and moisturized , but not greasy . 
one odd thing i noticed , it feel slightly gritty when i put it 
otherwise an excellent product . 
i seen this product on a youtube channel . 
i tried it and it has real sticking power , all day . 
i have never had any problems with this glue . 
i like the smell and it feels refreshing . 
i liked this so much i went bought the shampoo and conditioner . 
my hair was always frizzy and now it rarely is . 
this is a very mouthwatering sexycolor for your lips seller good product outstanding . 
everyone will love this color . 
oh and no its not purple the way you think 
i got great results and quick friendly results 
and i will be ordering from them agan ! ! ! 
i have been using the microfoliant for years now and i love it . 
my skin is so smooth after using it . 
very gentle on the skin , never makes me break out . 
unlike most inexpensive   and some expensive !   
brushes , i have not yet seen this brush drop a single hair . 
not sure if there were exactly 2400 pieces 
but it looked full enough for me . 
i was very disappointed , but kept it and kept trying to like it . 
smells expensive and best for fall winter . 
reminds me a bit of angel and chantilly , if that makes any sense . 
unique aroma that not everyone is wearing and great value . 
i am just about finished with my first bottle . 
this oil is , as the title suggests , fantastic . 
it also keeps my skin soft without adding extra oil . 
i use it on cuts and burns too . 
it 's a great disinfectant . 
so glad i saved some money on this one instead . 
i have sensitive skin , so i ' 
work great ! 
it 's shower - proof , so you can use it in the shower . 
i really like using it in the am 
the scrubby brush is very soft and not scratchy at all . 
it work ? 
well , it feels good . 
the clogged pores are maybe a little better off , though it 's nothing amazing.would 
i recommend ? 
eh , maybe . 
for the retail price , it 's not that amazing . 
i mean honestly - it 's a soft , spinning brush . 
we 're not talking about anything revolutionary here ! 
at the first press of the button i heard a light pop 
i recommend pressing gently . 
i left it in for the few minutes but could hardly stand the smell . 
it smells just like the cleaner that i use to clean my bathroom with . 
it did give the volume that was promised . 
the cap was nearly impossible to use . 
i contacted the company and to date no response . 
my face is very dry and flakey . 
this cream kept my face soft and hydrated all day . 
i just did it because i wanted more hydration . 
it is useful in many different ways and 
i ' m glad i got them . 
nautica voyage has an aquatic essence . 
it 's has a subtle lightweight smell with a long - lasting bouquet . 
i would consider this an everyday cologne . 
it is clean and refined . 
and a nice alternative to those who do n't like strong smelling cologne combinations . 
i ' ve always grabbed axe products when they were cheap or clearance . 
they are solid daily products . 
would definitely recommend this and other axe products ... 
i love dove soap . 
and it 's great for moisturizing because it adds an extra layer of moisturizer . 
the problem with this soap though is the fragrance . 
do n't use it on your face . 
their bodywashes are amazing too . 
works very well , 
i ' m pleasantly surprised . 
not to mention the price is great ! 
gentle , so far so good . been using it for about a week 
and i can see that is working . 
will buy it again ! 
the ibd brand of polishes is one of the better products out there . 
this one is a definate yes if you do gel polish . 
i personally like to use this product overnight . 
it is definitely worth the effort . 
very good to have around . 
a nice palette that goes on well . 
it gets everything wood clean and leaves such a great scent too behind . 
i ' ve even used this on my hardwoo floors and they look gorgeous . 
i would n't ever buy anything else out there the clean my wood . 
no more cracked heels - it works on your entire body . 
no noticable results after 2 bottles , not going to get it again . 
nerium is much better . 
i bought this to make my own homemade laundry soap . 
the bars are huge , so these 3 bars will last quite a while . 
i have been very impressed with this dryer . 
so i do n't know exactly why that happened . 
it 's just not that emollient or thick enough for my taste . 
the price about evens out after shipping . 
plus i can sometimes find this exact brand in a select few walgreens . 
i have rosacea , very sensitive , dry and acne prone skin . 
recommended i try vanicream . 
my skin looks and feels so much better . 
you can still see the cracks in my skin but they are slowly healing . 
i use immediately after showering while skin is still moist . 
it goes on well under my makeup . 
tu maquillaje de los ojos durara horas 
y horas y con un toque brilloso o de glitter ... 
perfecto para aquellas sombras con brillo o metalizado ! ! ! 
they come in a little ziplock bag , various colors . 
good size . 
mine came mainly in blue which is not my favorite . 
the actual color of this is a plum grey color . 
in different lights it will look more plum or more grey . 
and like it a lot . 
i use this as a before shampoo over night product . 
smells so good and it helps keep my hair from drying out after shampooing 
this one was perfect for me . 
i am very happy with this one . 
i would recommend this product for people who have sensitive eyes like me . 
the cost is n't too bad either . 
way to expensive based on performance . 
less expensive than the designer products , easier than a prescription . 
one caveat   
i do n't think it 's any more natural than any other skin cream . 
i am 60 and lately my very fine hair has changed dramatically . 
it has become much dryer 
so i do n't shampoo everyday like i used to . 
so i am back on the hunt . 
i ' ve tried expensive shampoos and cheap shampoos . 
they either strip my hair or leave it flat . 
this one showed promise . 
at least it did n't strip my hair of all moisture . 
the first time i used it i did n't use a conditioner . 
not bad , just different . 
the third time , i used less conditioner and it worked better . 
i am hoping this is the one . 
i 'll buy this again . 
most clients love the rhinestones so impressed that there are 2400 pieces ! 
i bought this oil with very high expectations . 
just like the shampoo and conditioner , this was recommended by a gf . 
in short , this oil does nt do much for thick puerto rican hair . 
and i like the case 
, it 's cute and looks posh . 
it 's great for dry hair , no so much for oily . 
this is the real deal ! 
i have used this bb cream for over 9 months with great results . 
my skin looks flawless when i wear it yet it has fairly light coverage . 
the color self adjusts after a few minutes on the skin . 
and the spf does not make me break out . 
this stuff actually improves my skin with every use . 
i will never se anything else . 
but still 5 stars all the way ! ! 
i have thin curly long hair . 
this product makes my hair feel soft    look thicker . 
i use to use moose before now 
all i use is this after i come out of the shower . 
works best when hair is really wet . 
this with hydrafuse will make your hair feel like silk . 
i found something that works and i will definitely stick with it . 
oh , lots of body and hair breakage to a minimum and eventually none . 
i have thick , coarse , color treated curly hair . 
frizz is a given even when i flat iron . 
i wash every day out of necessity   no smoothing or shine 
it did not matter if i used just a little , or added more . 
no difference at all in my final outcome   fail , big fail . 
18 for this , 
and it 's going back . 
that smell good 
i said i know 
you will not find it with this . 
sometimes i want a nice exfoliating body wash . 
i would n't say it is sudsy . 
just like you are applying lotion . 
i let it all soak in for a bit 
and then i washed it off with the scrubby.there 
i think it is a good product that does the job . 
good value for the money . 
where has this been all my life ! 
i do n't apply my make up without it . 
it is a must have in your kit . 
.. the cleanser is amazing . 
you get what you pay for . 
i just wanted to test it out since it was only about two dollars 
but you barely get any product . 
i would not purchase again . 
this hair - protect spray seems to provide good protection against flat - ironing . 
i am biracial   black and latina . 
i relax my curly hair every two months . 
i also do lots of cardio so tons of sweat . 
with this flat iron my hair stays straight the whole day . 
my hair looks amazing ! 
i can not find any frizz anywhere 
and i ' ve been outside and everything . 
i highly recommend this product . 
i prefer the kind that has the automatic shut off just in case 
you forget it 's on . 
thankfully i always remember to turn it off 
but it would be nice to have a automatic shut off feature . 
overall i love this product . 
i recommend it to all of my friends . 
i was in love . 
although the color is wonderful ... it has some downsides . 
i have very sensitive skin and this gives me no breakouts at all . 
but i guess that s the price you got ta pay ! 
i was quite excited to try this product . 
i had a couple of issues , however , when i opened the box . 
once set up , however , i was ready to try it . 
instructions say not to use around the eye area , but i did anyway . 
i love this concealer . 
i wish they did n't discontinue this.but 
i m glad i found it online . 
fast shipping too ! 
happy to see that oxybenzone is n't in the ingredient list . 
the scent is strong , but pleasant , but might not be for everyone . 
it goes on almost effortlessly and absorbs quickly . 
and it was perfectly effective in protecting him from getting a sunburn . 
evidently , the chemically based ones can even make the problem worse . 
i ' m not hoping to knock off 10 years or anything . 
post vacation update    
another update    
no rash , no sunburn , but there is an awful lot of complaining . 
it does n't burn their eyes , just their skin . 
very disappointed . 
so smooth   is what i would call my face after using this . 
i feel like the appearance of my fine lines are diminishing with this . 
love the way it feels on my skin ! 
moroccan infusion shine shampoo . 
really works well to keep my dry , sensitive skin blemish free . 
i love that it 's alcohol free . 
i received a wonderful super brightening vitamin c serum from joyal beauty . 
i do n't have an issue with wrinkles , spots or rough aged skin 
so i gave it to my mom to try out . 
she really prefers the dropper but made the spray work for her . 
this product totally does what it claims . 
looked rather orange unfortunately for a    34 light coffee   34   color . 
i think this is a lesson learned purchase . 
oh well ! live and learn , 
back to the drawing board . 
this product does not live up to what i have read about . 
it just does not do what it claims . 
it left my hair awful . 
i usually use the classic original white bar . 
bit i inevitably always get sick of them and go back to the plain . 
the fragrance is light -- floral with other sweet notes . 
not overpoweringly fruity . 
they call it blue fig . 
but it smells great . 
works just as any dove bar does . 
creamy bar , creamy lather , non - drying . love this . 
after reading the reviews i was anxious to get this product . 
i use it as described and notice no visible difference . 
just a waste of time really . 
sorry , i will not buy again . 
will keep looking for an effective mask product . 
i bought to to replace my clarisonic head and it works wonderfully ! 
much less expensive and works even better than the original ! 
i 'll be a repeat customer for sure ! 
the results were just beautiful ! 
she loved the look ! 
and it is hard to maintain 
and i just was amazed at the results ! 
the style stayed all day and my look even made it through sleeping ! 
my hair was straight , smooth and the softest i have ever had it   
i could n't stop touching it all day . 
the bristles are so cheap 
i ' m lucky to get one use out of these . 
these brushes are not even worth .50 a brush . 
sure , as a tinted moisturizer it 's ok . 
just a bit orangey , but then again it 's not foundation 
and it 's not really going to cover very much 
so what did i expect ? 
gloves in a bottle shielding lotion works , but it is not scented . 
these are basically squeeze tubes with a large screw cap that facilitates easy filling . 
the set comes with 3 tubes of clear , green and blue tints . 
i kinda like it . 
well and you do n't need to keep reapplying much . 
else.it is long and think but not thick enough . -_- 
teases my hair great without any damage . 
highly recommend ! 
it lathered well and definitely got out any product build up in my hair . 
the smell is a nice neutral spa - like smell . 
except for that fact i would recommend these ! 
i like this flat iron . 
i think that 's cuz of the bigger size of the 1.5 inch plates . 
still like it though . 
it gets really hot . 
all of aubrey organics products are well made and not too expensive . 
the conditioner leaves my hair shiny and full . 
i received a sample in my birchbox and fell in love . 
the perfect amount of moisture for me in these winter months . 
even sealed , i could see in the box and see the product . 
the product box was damaged . 
it was not , but the shipping packaging could have been a lot better ! 
the next day it was stiff and hard to style . 
you have to keep applying it after every wash for a smooth finish . 
the nail scrapers are fine . 
really heavy duty . 
the clippers however are really small . 
for something that i use daily , this is a really good value . 
the last brush i purchased to apply liquid foundation was from clinique . 
this sigma angled brush is far better ! 
it 's the best brush 
i ' ve used ! ! 
perfect for the countours of your face ! 
plus it 's perfect to use for stippling if you want ! 
i am so impressed with this entire line from perfect body harmony ! ! ! 
the vitamin c hyaluronic acid serum really has done wonders for my skin . 
i will continue to use it . 
great price , great smells , great soaps ! 
my favorite was the clove but all of them were sooo good . 
i ' ve been using sonia kashuk 's foundation in bisque 
and i think that makes me an nc20 . 
i rarely wore it , it just felt unneeded .   
so i tried this stuff 
and i am in love . 
there 's something magical about this bb cream . 
it 's ... 
i do n't know ... beautifying . 
and it does n't really look like i ' m wearing anything . 
it feels good to have on the skin . 
it does n't feel like it 's -there- like my foundation feels to me . 
it also seems to have a nicer , more even coverage . 
and i rarely even leave the house . 
so i think that says a lot . 
i wish i was an expert in this 
so i could give a more educated review , but there ya go 
love irish spring ! 
everyone talks about the clarisonic being the be all end all of cleansing brushes . 
there are many features that i appreciate about this little machine . 
the brush vibrates , it does not spin . 
there are two cleansing levels , regular and deep . 
replacement brushes can be found easily as well . 
get the pretika , it 's great ! 
oh , btw , shipping was very prompt , too . 
i have a very sensitive scalp . 
this products works great on my hair and scalp . 
it smells great . 
i will order more and share with my family and friends . 
algae extract is the only natural thing in it . 
the   ocean breeze   scent is mild and not obnoxious . 
it works rather decently even as a shampoo . 
this soap also has vitamin e in it 
so it is doubly healing . 
the rebecca review 
your hair will be smooth , silky , and smell pretty nice . 
will it stay that way ? 
it 's not magic . 
but for a while , it will look amazing . 
also , it helps protect hair against damage from the iron . 
last thing   one squirt is not enough . 
shoulder - length hair needs 3 and long hair needs 5 or so . 
yess and sencond 
this beautifull looking thing burnd my hair 
and i did nt even had it on higher than my sultra curling iron . 
i do nt recommend it 
i liked it for costume though 
i ' m 34 and my face is in decent shape . 
and i wanted to first experiment with a less expensive 
the little monster is strong . 
three inches   
- the results were remarkable ! 
it is as though the puffiness and darkness have been   pushed   out . 
no eye cream has had this effect . 
i still wake up with under - eye circles   
seems like i developed there around age 31 or so   
yay!!i will definitely buy the larger version . 
we 'll see . 
i choose to listen to hypnosis and or affirmations with headphones . 
i ' m single without kids 
, so it 's easy for me to make the extra time . 
it will not even stick my eyelashes to my eyes ... 
i ' ve never had that problem before . 
it 's similar to the elf lash glue . 
first off this polish came in a decent time . 
i ' m so mad at this other company that i ordered from and 
this is a must buy , great price ! 
i like these wipes a lot for controlling the shine and combating the oil . 
i received these wipes for free and am sharing my honest opinion . 
my son is 2 years old . 
i would purchase these wipes ! 
i love this color and it does stay on for days . 
another one of my favorites is mint sorbet . 
i always get compliments , when i wear these colors . 
i loved the smell of it and it does work to a certain point .. 
it does n't really get the job done if you wanna get really tan 
i like this when my knuckles get very dry . 
it is kind of vasoline like . 
it is a little greasy 
so i have to get it off of my palms . 
or i 'd just have to put it up . 
now it takes me under 10min . 
and the curls are so pretty . 
i can not believe the difference . 
it was like magic ... 
although i do n't use that many tools 
so i ' 
m no expert , but i love this one . 
shorter , thinner hair may be more of a challenge . 
i like it a lot , if you could n't tell . 
i tried the nexxus hydralight on wet hair and it worked very well . 
the scent is very light and appealing . 
i would definitely purchase this product . 
i have never used a fekkai hair care product . 
i use a dime size amount and get a wonderful lather that rinses clean . 
the shampoo is infused with the oil of pure grape seed . 
they tend to be too moisturizing . 
there is a definite volume and shine to my hair . 
this is a definite winning duo . 
this is a product that i will buy again and again . 
it is very thin nail polish but it works fairly well . 
i was surprised by the quality it is very good . 
it does crackle easily , and looks good on your nails . 
i look forward to trying their other nail polishes . 
first the good   the smell and texture of this product is outstanding . 
i think it would be more suitable for darker hair than my pale locks . 
the gloss is maybe a 3 star product . 
a little goes a long way.i 
really dislike the smell . 
it reminds me of herbal essences . 
kenra has a nice strawberry - like smell . 
the smell of the shampoo conditioner is subtle enough after rinsing . 
i did n't find it held my curls at all . 
by the end of the night , my hair was pretty much straight again . 
my tressemme tres two hairspray works way better . 
i do have very coarse hair . 
i did n't have a problem with the scent like some people . 
i find all hairspray smells funny , so i can not complain about that . 
i would say , try it and see if it works for you . 
she uses it a lot , at least once a day . 
it hangs nicely and has an auto off . 
it packs decently into a travel bag and it heats up very quickly . 
she has really been enjoying it . 
this product is just   pretty good . 
mine was smelling very bad- 
i wonder if it should be like that 
or it is just old- now 
that is , until i found vivo per lei ! 
i ' ve tried time and time again to find a really good exfoliant ... 
when i stumbled across this i was sold . 
tends to be pretty expensive . 
used this when i got home 
and it 's been wonderful.now , 
mineral oil does not nourish the skin like other oils 
i love these products enough that i would spend the money 
but it 's always nice to save a bundle ! 
it is a nice addition to any after shower routine . 
i do nt use all the time 
but it works well and feel great on the skin . 
i love this lip cream . 
it 's not very glossy or hydrating . 
the color san paulo is very pretty . 
i have olive golden skin tone and it looks really nice against my skin . 
this color is like a dark pink or rosy wine kind of color . 
it is very pretty . 
i love it . 
i plan on buying this product in several more shades .. 
love it ! 
liked shea butter for moisturizing it high ... 
smell did not like 
but it is good ... and many quantity .. and with high moisturizing 
my newly natural curly hair loves this leave in conditioner ! 
it makes my hair soft and easy to comb through . 
so i bought this one based on the ratings . 
so this product will last a long time . 
i must say that i am impressed with this serum.my skin feels great ! 
i looked at the pictures someone posted and to me 
and it always comes out flawless for me . 
this is a great light lotion perfect for summer time . 
the smell is light as well so 
if your someone who likes to smell too fragrent this ones for you . 
awesome hand lotion and i love aloe , very natural ingrediants . 
getting back to the basics ! 
weave that became very unmanageable to deal with . 
i used this as the leave in after conditioning with the silicon mix conditioner . 
i find it odd that a color safe shampoo would contain sulfates . 
nice product for a great price ! 
i looked like i had not washed my hair for several days 
it was so oily and weighed down 
i tried it as a deep conditioner in the shower after shampooing 
this seemed to work much better . 
it also removed the blemish marks on my back . 
this is something i heard about through my friend at work 
so i searched on amazon for it . 
the fragrance is pretty . 
this is something i will continue to buy . 
i really loved my regular brush with crushed pearls so i had high hopes . 
she was right ! 
i love it!!!a couple tips - wear gloves when applying . 
you can dip it into the bottle and carefully apply it to your hair . 
tub cleaner or similar immediately on the tub and let it soak . 
no scrubbing needed.good luck and have fun ! 
product works exceptionally well . 
my skin is better on proactive , but not the best ... 
i was not really happy with it and still broke out . 
and i was definitely surprised . 
it tightened my skin and i could almost feel my pores shrinking . 
i ' m asian and my skin is naturally oily 
also , i use a very small amount . 
just a dime size amount is enough to do the job . 
that brings the price down to about   20.00.definitely worth it ! 
this stuff here smells sooo amasing ! ! 
because i was sick i had to wait to smell on it . 
and yes it was killin me to sniff it ! ! 
but imma tell ya hands down this is some good stuff . 
my girl friends are jeal . 
now i know what to get them for christmas . 
the product is pretty thick and creamy , and it smells lovely . 
it leaves my hair noticeably more soft and manageable . 
plus , it makes my hair smell amazing so that 's a bonus ! 
i really like this . 
it 's truly waterproof , yet looks natural . 
highly recommended ! 
--katharena eiermann , 2013note   
this is a nice iridescent glitter that covers well , even in one coat . 
it holds up well too . 
this is a must have for any nail polish arsenal . 
i waited three weeks for package to arrive . 
it came in a flimsy plastic container . 
have n't tried it yet ... 
i think i ' m spooked . 
other than the fingerprint , the colors look ok . 
i realize that my initial thoughts were incorrect . 
not only does it hold the locs but it gives it an added sheen . 
my scalp feels moist , not dry as it usually had in the past . 
i will continue to use this product exclusively . 
love the subtle embroidered pattern . 
adds a bit of class . 
these brushes are always my fave . 
they are so reasonable and work better than some of my sigma brushes . 
you wo nt regret buying any of these brushes . 
i did n't count them but each compartment was packed full . 
these worked perfect on the nails , colors are vibrant . 
they stayed on the nail till i removed them . 
i love this thing , smells amazing . 
gives me a decent slip . 
i am heavy handed 
so i use up a lot of product . 
must have ! 
actually does tan you , smells great even after i tanned ! 
the only thing is that u have to wash ur hands right away ! 
but i love it ! 
i finally found one that i am not disappointed in buying ! 
love these colors 
this oil is extremely light . 
not heavy at all 
so i have to remember that a little still goes a long way . 
it makes my hair more manageable , shiny , and soft . 
it smells great by default . 
the bottle is very attractive and so is the packaging . 
i have natural , black , 4b hair . 
my hair when straightened is a little passed collar bone length . 
it is something i try not to overdo . 
i would recommend this product . 
super fun to make cute nail designs with . 
they are easy to use , but come off easily . 
it seems that they peel right off even with a clear coat over them . 
not sure how to solve this dilemma . 
this did not work ... 
but love the price ! 
i prefer the maybelline cr egrave me blush if they still have it 
but this will do was cheap 2 
this smoothing lotion comes in a small 3.56 oz . 
flip top tube . 
it   8217 s white with a very light but pleasant scent . 
shorter hair would obviously require less for the same effect . 
your hair will quickly absorb this lotion . 
it leaves your hair shiny and soft . 
my hair feels soft for hours after using it and it looks better overall . 
so overall i would use this product again 
but it would have to be priced better . 
this did not work for me at all . 
not in the least . 
i have waist length , very fine hair that is slightly wavy on 
it 's own . 
my hair was frizzy and straight . 
maybe applying a setting lotion before rolling would help ? 
i just do n't care to torture my hair any more . 
for a make - up novice , this stuff is great ! 
it goes on smoothly and easily - does n't have that scratchy pencil consistency . 
it even comes with a sharpener . 
the only downside is that the creamyness wears off . 
it also helps to sharpen it if you like a nice thin line . 
i think almost anyone can successfully use this liner ! 
this is a beautiful neutral collection of beautiful colors ! 
but i did nt like it 
i do not recomend it 
and i ' m pale , thus the 5   's for   orgasm . 
all they needed was the serial number on it . 
i still see the pink ones and twinge now 
and then but this was all they had ........ 
and it cleans up easily 
ulta , sephora , their website , macy 's , etc . 
but not ebay , amazon , or anything like that . 
not even fulfilled by amazon counts . 
you see very few people complaining about their machine purchased at authorized outlets . 
, i ' m sorry 
but they just do n't know . 
no olay , 
no neutrogena , you name it .   
if you want to skimp on price , get a mia . 
that 's the best advice anyone can give you . 
yes baking soda works nicely but again , it 's apples and oranges . 
that discount makes them cheaper than any place online , even the clarisonic store . 
but they also have auto ship direct from clarisonic . 
at first   especially with tretinoin products or peels   it can feel harsh 
so you just have to take it easy , like so many things . 
i ' m very impressed with the effectiveness of this product . 
they leave streaks . 
they make my makeup look worse . 
buy from bundlemonster instead for a great dupe . 
do n't waste your time on these . 
so far i ' ve used this product once . 
i used bmc color with it . 
it may work better with gelish nail color . 
had to use jewelry pliers to pinch all the links tighter . 
they pulled loose with the first wear . 
otherwise , it 's very pretty . 
this razor is really good for a disposable . 
there are 3 blades in each one 
so you get a nice close shave . 
great set . 
this lotion was recommended by my dermatologist . 
i like it very much . 
i would recommend this lotion . 
i use mostly the orange and brown . 
the color lasts and lasts . 
none last as long as these . 
they are also moisturizing . 
for the price they are amazing . 
i ' ve used them for years . 
i wish fran wilson would come out with more warmer - toned colors . 
this stuff works . 
it is clearer    more smooth . 
now , i only get an occasional small pimple . 
so i gave this a try . 
this olay scrub has glycolic acid    works really well.give 
i heard about this product from dr . 
so i figured i would give it a shot . 
will definitely be buying more ! 
its a good thing and they are washable , 
that 's a good thing . 
wrapped well and i would certainly buy from this seller again . 
i purchased previously and i always wanted more ! 
these rhinestones are really cute . 
i really like all the different colors that can be used 
, you can make all kinds of different designs with them . 
they are small so a rhinestone picker upper is needed . 
i love jergens in everything that they sale . 
its very moisturizing . 
nice and thick formula but not too thick . 
this shampoo performs well in that it lathers up nicely and rinses clean . 
it is very heavy . 
my hair feels oily and nasty after using this . 
very dissatisfied . 
can the effects of this shampoo last for seven days as advertised ? 
definitely recommended ! 
i love it . 
bought it with book on makeup and i use it to create beautiful styles . 
it has blush , liners and eyebrow quality colors . 
then lots of eyeshadows . 
i really love it and enjoy every color . 
its very good for placing your eyelashes . 
really helps . 
i think its worth the buy . 
arrived after a month but i was n't in a hurry . 
like a big tweezer . 
and i 'll order it again . 
i hope the price will not go up soon . 
acrylic nails would work better with these . 
this is the best eyelash adhesive i ' ve ever used ! ! ! ! 
it is my favorite . 
i have black lashes , so this matches my color well . 
they are still there , but do n't seem to be as visible . 
i 'll continue to use . 
product does n't make me break out . 
has a nice clean scent . 
i needed a white eyeliner because my old one was running low . 
i love nyx products 
m glad i did . 
i use this almost every single day . 
this one is very pigmented and shows up perfectly . 
this is insane , love love love this ! ! 
i would soooo buy this again in a heartbeat ! ! 
beautiful colors ! 
i will be buying shany makeup again . 
am loving these brushes ! 
so they 're ok and all 
would definitely repurchase these ! 
i think this a pretty good product . 
my face definitely feels smoother after i use it . 
ie   sugar scrubs   
but this worked nicely too . 
the damn lip thingy   
it 's not really lipstick or lipgloss ... ?   
keeps beading up after 45 minutes . 
do not recommend . 
it holds my hair well throughout the day 
so i would highly recommend it . 
this product is great . 
the bottle really is huge . 
it really heals and nourishes skin , and makes it so much smoother . 
but you do n't need a lot ! 
you only need a drop to really get results ! 
i have to wash my hair every day with shampoo and conditioner . 
it gave my hair more body and volume . 
i told them no , but i was using a new styling cream . 
i believe it even makes me look younger . 
young people have thick , bouncy hair.axe   
8217 s short , plastic jar is easy to screw open . 
i then style and blow dry my hair . 
my hair is thick and bouncy again . 
i highly recommend axe   it has brought peace to my troubled hair.joseph b. hoyos 
these towelettes are fantastically useful . 
garnier however does have similar towelettes for a slightly better price . 
i can feel the difference 
it makes my face smooth and soft . 
so no more expensive aveeno for me . 
the smell of the oil was very light . 
i also loved how shiny the uni argan oil made my hair . 
you can definitely see the difference that it makes in my naturally straight eyelashes . 
they go from barely - there to much fuller looking . 
i love the ergonomic spring - loaded feature . 
this is definitely a unique eyelash curler that gives great results ! 
you will not be disappointed . 
possibly this is because i do n't yet have many lines . 
upon turning 21 , something in me changed . 
enter baby phat goddess by kimora lee simmons . 
i could n't decide whether i liked it or 
not.when i arrived home , my boyfriend asked what i was wearing . 
he loved it . 
awesome!boyfriend is now my husband , so the scent must have done something right . 
i have very short hair and do n't use a flat iron that often . 
and i was n't expecting that . 
was a little bummed out about that . 
this product was just what i was looking for . 
it gives my skin a nice warm glow . 
this really does make your hair shiny in a golden festive way . 
only use a very light mist or it will be too heavy . 
this color matched my silver shoes perfectly . wore it throughout the holiday season . 
people commented how great it looked peeping through silver shoes . 
this hair oil is a great product . 
my hair was damaged from taking prednisone and no doubt from too much heat . 
this stuff smells terrible 
but i do n't care . 
i ' ve got my hair back ! ! 
it worked very well . 
i usually find that a need several coats to get the look i like . 
with this , i managed to get the look with just two coats . 
it was pretty easy to get good coverage on most of my lashes . 
it came off easily with my regular facial cleaner . 
i thought the images might be more helpful than a mere description . 
the pictures are available under the picture of the product as additional views . 
i have not used this product yet . 
for those saying good massage- 
i find myself taking my time brushing my scalp these days . 
sensitive heads may not like it . 
i got these today with stamper and scraper on march 18 ... 
i ' m so loving these .... 
i was just playing around and they are great ! ! ! 
i will be ordering more soon 
i keep this in my shower and slather it on my dry feet . 
it is n't oily or greasy 
during the winter i use it on my body as well as my feet . 
none of the other creams , lotions , etc . 
i really enjoy the way this product smells . 
i have always been a fan of tea tree oil products . 
i think it helps well with keeping my acne down . 
after i wash my face it feels refreshed and clean . 
finally plates that are great in quality and size ! 
they have a nice backing and are engraved perfectly . 
do n't get me wrong all the images are very cute 
but these babies are perfect ! 
got this for my husband for christmas and he really likes the scent -- 
as do i -- it 's wonderfullly romantic ! 
this sensual scent belies its small price tag . 
it is very affordable and a real pleasure as the scent lingers . 
for a wedding or a classic nail look , this is a great choice . 
multiple coats will also offer a more opaque look . 
fast ship - quality product . 
i love this shampoo and conditioner . 
the applicator brush for this mascara is awful . 
the formula also clumps . 
at night i use a small amount with my moisturizer and during the day 
i use it for any frizz or flyways on my hair . 
my skin feels more supple and my hair way less frizzy . 
it has a nice , pleasant smell . 
i love that it is usda organic too . 
great product and company . 
i was nt sure if this would work , but it does . 
i do nt use it often , but am glad i have it . 
the product says    34 reduced odor and fumes   34 . 
my hair is naturally wavy with lots of frizz . 
i needed something to tame it and soften it . 
from start to finish , it took me about 90 minutes . 
i waited 36 hours to wash it with sulfate free shampoo conditioner . 
so soft after and much easier to straighten with a flat iron . 
great deal for sure ! 
i will not buy this item again . 
it was shorter then in picture . 
i would n't waste my 
my wife uses this to remove rough spots on her toenails . 
i recommend for hands and feet . 
i ordered this bag as a gift . 
threw it out . 
it 's always spotty , but it still tend to get breakouts now 
and i really likeaveeno active naturals clear complexion cream cleanser , 5 ounce . 
the aveeno product and this biore product have the same active ingredient   2   
some reviewers i ' ve seen have felt that it is too   perfumy   
saved many a dried up nail polish thanks to this handy product . 
i feel like i have used so much of this product yet 
i am light fair skinned and this shade was perfect for me . 
goes on light and sets makeup . would buy again 
one can lasts longer than i expected . 
all i can say is wow ! ! 
first time using a l'oreal product 
and i love it . 
the wand is small and circular another first . 
i can not be any happier with this product . 
i totally love this mascara!!l'oreal 
telescopic explosion 2x the intensity mascara , carbon black 
.27 fl oz   
it worked for me but there were no ' instant ' improvements . 
you know what . 
thank you doc ! to make the story short , 
the box claims that this is ' effective from the first use ' . 
it 's not . 
my scalp was still itchy one month later but maybe not as much . 
yes , it smells a little funny 
deserves my 5 stars because it worked for me . 
it 's possible that it does n't work for everyone 
this version of t gel contains 2   neutar . 
i did n't like being stuck under a hair dryer or steamer . 
i love this foundation . 
i have terrible skin . 
oily , dry , acne prone . 
not this one . 
i use my bare fingers to apply -- a little goes a long way ! 
i bought this because it had the hinged clips . 
they are more secure than the other style . 
the velvet finish keeps them from slipping . 
it is still going strong after months of use . 
i like the fact that there is two hole sizes . 
really good product ! ! 
leaves my hair soft , silky , and shiny . 
i 'll order this again . 
this mask is kind of gross . 
it 's yellow and it has these weird beads in it , 
which sometimes i have trouble washing out . 
so i m not sure if there is 7400 in this set 
either way the ones i got are perfect . 
the smell is not strong   i should know . 
my mother has this coconut butter perfume that is stupid strong 
and i can not stand it . 
this is weak in smell compared to that .   
and it 's done wonders on my hair . 
and it works.i had to bleach my hair twice 
and i have since used this conditioner   
i ' m mixed 
it kept my hair from feeling like straw   as it would after bleaching   
keep my hair from looking like a straw man 's head ! 
i like the fact that there are two in the package 
so i ' m not always running out and searching for more . 
these are my go to products if i ever do wrong to my hair . 
it 's a must have ! 
plus they smell good . 
since it 's not cheap , one expects immediate results . 
so i do n't use it everyday 
however it is not for me . 
it 's not all bad 
i love washing my hair because the scent is amazing . 
i ' m sold on this shampoo . 
paraben - free makeup is better for your body as well as your skin . 
larenim is one of my all time favorites . 
i have recently moved to las vegas from chicago . 
i found this lotion to be very satisfactory in protecting my face . 
i have sensitive skin prone to breakouts . 
i was pleased this caused no skin problems . 
it was not available in any store i tried . 
fortunately amazon had it available . 
i also have purchased aveeno for the body . 
this product made my hair extremely dry ! 
i have an afro and it just made it drier ! ! 
i will never use this product again . 
thanks but no thanks ! 
wow another product tha is favorable .... 
this produc works it leaves my hair soft and manageble 
i am a huge fan and will definitely order again . 
i happily use several neutrogena products and think they are great . 
the cleaning pads themselves worked very well as my skin felt clean and soft . 
i use these as hand soap because it 's antibacterial and has a pump . 
the scent is clean and fresh , and it lathers really well and rinses clean 
so you know your hands got a good wash . 
i find that this shampoo really helped me reduce dandruff on my scalp . 
remember that dandruff can not be cured , it can only be maintained . 
overall , i like it . 
the serum is transparent , almost liquid and totally unscented . 
it provides improvement , but do n't expect miracles.ali julia review 
i love this product it 's easy to fill and does n't leak . 
i ' m taking on a trip to israel with me 
and it 's the perfect size to take on the plane or anywhere . 
i would definitely recommend this product for travel . 
he said that he had used the irish spring gear body wash . 
i decided to try it as well because i wanted to write this review . 
i have used it three times . 
it is a great product . 
the smell is very appealing , it seems to moisturize my skin . 
it does exfoliate also . 
i soaked my feet 
it worked great ! 
you will love this product ! 
i will happily make this my usual go to conditioner ! 
this product works better than other dry shampoos i have tried . 
it makes it look cleaner and flufflier , gives it body . 
however , it has a smell that i do not like 
so i would never put it on clean hair ! 
the clean    clear advantage blackhead eraser is a battery - powered exfoliating tool . 
the eraser kit has a blackhead dissolving serum to reduce the number of blackheads . 
ok , not as shiny or sparkly as i was hoping . 
but other than that it 's fine . 
the color is as shown . 
my hair is dry , so finding a hydrating shampoo and conditioner is important . 
this conditioner really does moisturize my hair and leaves it feeling soft and smooth . 
the shea butter scent is pretty strong and lingers for more than a day . 
this works really well for me . 
you get it 
you will see that there is like a beige paste in the bottle 
and it still works great.also 
i want to mention , this is really not a lotion in my opinion . 
it is definitely different ... 
i think that is what it is called . 
you have to use a q - tip to apply   
you are not supposed to shake the bottle . 
this is the best shampoo either my husband 
or i have ever used ! 
but this shampoo is awesome ! 
but the shampoo is worth the expense , every penny ! ! 
this straightener heats up very quickly and straightens quickly as well without damaging hair . 
i have very fine hair . 
of course , my review might be pointless because this is my first straightener 
this is a great little set to have around . 
stamp works great , and i have n't had any issues with the scraper . 
overall , great product . 
love the colors . 
so many choices . 
the case is nice and study . 
def worth the money . will be favoriting this for next time 
i am makeup shopping . 
i am a seasoned stamper of over a year , 
i love this set , and recommend it , great plates for the price . 
i love this product ! 
but it 's was n't a problem 
, i use my anti aging moisturizer in conjunction with the derma wand instead . 
i must say , the derma wand is taking care of it ! 
just noticed this morning 
my blackheads are gone , my skin feels firmer and radiant . 
i would recommend this product to anyone . 
and this is definitely a my - lips - but - better color . 
i can not remember ever doing that before ! 
this is one of life 's little luxuries . 
i love that it has pure ingredients . 
this does not have either and my skin is clear . 
but now i enjoy putting lotion on my skin 
so i do n't care . 
i love everything about the palette . 
my least favorite is the black color 
this one is my favorite and i recommend think pink to everyone ! 
positive reviews are solid.not only is this palette   
sleek   and high - end looking   
so then to dive completly in the world of natural nails 
i grew my nails out both of my pinky nails are healthy no issues . 
but my thumbs and pointer fingers split peel and break . 
my middle fingers just peel . 
but i use vitamin oil , nail butter , and aveoplex oil to go . 
i really like the dove men body wash . 
there are little scrub things in it 
but i do n't think they do much as far as exfoliation . 
all in all a good wash for a guy . 
the bio - oil is too sticky and uncomfortable to put on . 
this product is not worth it.kate garrabant 
i had one and my baby broke it 
and i wanted to cry my eyes off 
and i had to buy another one because i ca nt live without it . 
it 's not just for coarse hair as marketed . 
i used this with a plastic cap and left on for about 20 minutes . 
it does have a pleasant fragrance 
but it is a bit strong . 
all in all , a very good product . 
i did not notice any change at first 
ugh , these are amazing ! 
they 're so cute 
and i can make cute ftisland inspired nails now ! 
this is a must buy . 
five settings . 
this straighter will get hot , up to 450 degrees . 
has a sensor to lower temp when damaged hair is detected .   
.nice decently smooth glide while straightening , typical of ceramic plate straighteners . 
ok experience here . 
opinion is that the keratin treatment does tend to enhance silkinesss.if 
you forget to unplug it . . . 
auto shutoff in 60 minutes.in summary - 
this seems to be one of the better high end consumer targeted straighteners . 
keratin treament is controversial . 
this dove men care hydrate    face lotion is a light moisturizer . 
it does a better job of moisturizing . 
i like the scent a lot . 
trust me , the denman will last for years . 
i love this lotion anyway 
but i usually buy the body butter . 
it 's not too thick and it smells really good . 
i have n't used it yet 
i 'll probably update it when i use it for my wedding ! 
i use this for my hair   4c type , and it is amazing ! 
this product makes my hair soft and very shiny ! 
i have really dry hair which is why i wanted to try this product . 
there is nothing i like about this product . 
i followed the instructions , but it did nothing for my hair . 
i was very disappointed 
oh well , you win some , you lose some . 
our pediatrician recommended this when our 3-mo . 
to this day , he 's 14 mo . 
now , we still use it every night after his bath . 
great for infants and toddlers . 
just something to consider . 
that kind of scared me . 
but it went away as the stuff dried . 
pretty easy.this stuff is cheap , and the results really only last a day . 
but for the price it is great ! 
oh well . 
did you know frangipani is plumeria ? 
i did n't know this before getting this body wash ... 
but when i used it i was like ,   
this smells like bath    body works ...   
but i like the bubbles ! 
i can not say it does a spectacular job of hydrating . 
i smell pretty and fresh all day , which i really like . 
this straightener was nice and light weight and stayed cool to the touch . 
it heats quickly as well . 
but they 're very into straightening their hair . 
and i have to say that i ' 
m pretty satisfied with the results . 
this lotion has a nice , cooling feel to it . 
i liked the scent too . 
proactive mask been using it for a year 
i really love it 
there 's not much out there 
i can use 
but i can use this 
i all so love the toner 
it does it sting or burn like others 
do my face has been very clear since using proactive . 
it works wonders as well 
i get super clear skin from both products . 
it is a small bottle 
if i had a normal size bottle it would probably go bad . 
i love it ! 
all came out lovely , most importantly clean ! 
i pretreated 1 with oxy , 1 with 7th gen . 
then washed in same load of 7th gen whites with bleach . 
packaging was perfect on arrival too . 
came exactly as it was described ! 
it only worked a couple of times and then just stopped . 
i would say to spend a little more and get a better product . 
i like how it stays on your lips for hours .. 
my dermatologist recommended this due to the rosacea lotion i have to use . 
this has the spf and moisture i needed . 
all the other products i 'd been using were only spf 15 . 
she specifically recommended aveeno . 
i ' ve always used expensive moisturizers 
so i was surprised to find this so pleasant to use . 
my product has almost no scent at all . 
it is absorbed quickly so i can follow with foundation right away . 
it works on my aged , sensitive   and medicated   skin really well . 
both have adjustable heat settings . 
they do nt work 
wig great for a hat stand 
at first glance this stuff is awful . 
but that is the whole premise of this line . 
healthy scalp and roots , healthy hair . 
i hated it . 
i was impressed . 
the conditioner is really not like anything i have ever used before . 
the consistency of the conditioner is so nasty . 
it feels like paste and i hated it upon contact . 
it does it 's job .holds 
good and dries 
no complaints from me .... 
i do nt wear eye lashes all the time 
i expect this will do just as well . 
i really like the texture of this product . 
it leaves the skin as soft as velvet with absolutely no oily residue . 
i was really hoping this brush would work for me . 
after reading other reviews that said it was good with thick hair 
i gave it a shot . 
it 's comfortable to hold and it comfortable on the head 
but it does n't touch my scalp   my hair is too thick . 
this soap feels nice on my skin . 
works for me ! 
since i got it i have used it only twice . 
not a good product at all 
smells terrific , moisturizes well , concentrated 
so you do n't have to use a lot . 
will continue to buy . 
this sponge is so soft ! 
my daughters use this wand at least twice a week . 
they love it and the curls will last all day even with their straight hair 
if you do n't mind waiting , then it 's fine . 
plus my face smells nice too ! 
i have been able to try out another wonderful product from insta natural . 
it is their oil based hair treatment . 
as you all know , i am obsessed with using oils for my skin . 
this hair treatment uses some of the oils i use on my face . 
i like the natural and top quality ingredients in it . 
i use this instead of a conditioner , right after i wash my hair . 
i wash my hair twice a week . 
i apply this oil lightly to my hair ends . 
just apply all over scalp and massage in , working towards the ends . 
there are no strong fragrances and this doe not contain chemicals . 
i can use this oil on my hair as well as my hair . 
it is nice to be able to have a multiple use product . 
try using this on your hands and cuticles . 
the reviews are right ... 
i think this brand has the right idea ... 
but the smell is really overpowering . 
this is one of the nicest make - up brushes i have ever owned . 
the bristles are very soft , unlike some other makeup brushes i have used . 
it is easy to clean . 
halloween wig maybe but not for daily use . 
it was cheaply made and hair kept falling out without even brushing it . 
wow , maybe this will work !   
34   and    34 
i ' ve used something of theirs.the smell is light , and lovely . 
slightly lotion - y . 
i am a african american woman . 
i have natural hair . 
no relaxers or other chemicals are in my hair . 
i have made of vow to have healthy hair this year . 
i started by buying the wen conditioning cleansing shampoo , which i love . 
its great for african american hair . 
its not like other shampoos that dry out your hair . 
i could not believe how great this product work . 
i have never in my life had my hair this straight . 
and the shine and body was fabo!!. 
i did a lot of research on this product before trying it . 
no claims of hair loss or anything damaging . 
just some complaints about the odor . 
the only odor i experience was a coco smell . 
this product seems to make my hair look about 80   healthier . 
the directions are kind of vague . 
there are a couple of videos on youtube on how exactly to apply . 
you just want to make sure you enter organix hair treatment . 
i love that this product only last 30 days . 
i love my natural hair . 
i can not say enough great things about this product . 
if your trying to go from relaxers to your natural hair . 
but you want to keen that bone straight look with body and shine . 
grab this product . 
here are some better instructions on applying this product.1 . 
wash hair with the shampoo that provided.2 . 
let hair air dry to about 80 . 
i dried my hair with a blow dryer on cool.3 . 
apply the product . 
apply the organix as if you were applying dye to your hair . 
i sectionoff my hair into 4 sections . 
the product will comb threw the hair easily,4 . 
let the product sit on the hair for 30 min . 
then blow dry with high heat.5 . 
your hair may be a little waxy after this . 
do not worry . 
when you flat iron your hair allthe wax will disappear . 
rinse off your brushes and combs with warm water to remove the waxbuild up.6 . 
flat iron your hair in small sections . 
i used my pressing comb to get the edges . 
you wantto go over the hair 7 to 10 time.7 . 
wait at least 48hrs before washing out the product . 
make sure to apply the organix in awell ventilated area . . 
style as usual and go . 
i like this powder . 
it is high quality and will last a long time . 
it looks great on . 
i ' m conscious about the ingredients . 
i would n't have bought it had i cared then . 
i did n't know what they were . 
i mean i ' 
m sure it 's safe in small amounts -- 
it 's brow powder , not full face foundation   
my skin feels so much softer , just within a week . 
nothing i tried was diminishing that nasty look . 
i would recommend dry brushing , and , actually , i already have . 
love this product . 
you can actually do as it says ,    34 spray and go !   
this product can be applied . 
so quickly with the spray technique that i do n't need to skip it . 
i am on the fence about this dryer . 
yes it is powerful , but when it gets hot it shuts off . 
that may be a safety mechanism , but it does n't make me happy . 
it is also extremely loud . 
the cats run and hide when i use it . 
i do n't have wrinkles 
i ' m using this as a moisturizer hoping to never have them .. 
ha ha . 
so far i like it . 
i use it during the day under makeup . 
best quality spray tan and best deal ! 
i use obagi products so i will stay with my regular routine . 
my stylist came out and introduced himself and we went back to his station . 
for me she used tresemme smooth    silky shampoo with moroccan argan oil . 
it did lessen the frizz and flyaways without weighing my hair down . 
i usually splurge and go for the high - end shampoos and conditioners also . 
his decision to use tresemme was an important one for his business . 
this 32 oz . 
i did n't find this product to work as well as i had hoped . 
i highly suggest purchasing ... 
it works well either 
way.glycerin and coconut oil are key components of the product . 
at under   7 , that 's a bargain . 
bottle says take 2 one to two times daily 
so i ' ve been meeting in the middle with 3 . 
be prepared for weird , meaty - tasting belches . 
just sayin ' . 
it helped tame it a bit and added a smoothness to her hair . 
even for myself , i do n't take 10 minute showers . 
i understand the why of the time in hair 
but it 's actually doing it 
that 's difficult 
once i figured out how it works   lol   
it was great . 
i have fine hair that is quite long , about halfway down my back . 
it works really well at putting it all up without giving me headaches . 
i was very faithful in using it . 
i feel like i wasted my money in buying this product . 
i use these lashes for everyday glam and for halloween , their so fun . 
but that 's to be expected i love them 
they are long and beautiful and go on pretty easily 
beautiful piece . 
it does not clip at all . 
it is a bar that just slides around a ponytail or bun . 
looks expensive . 
jewelry for your hair .price could not be better . 
lol     . 
you can dress this up or just wear it as is . 
either way this color rocks ! 
i ' ve been a fan of nyx makeup for years . 
this makeup kit is wonderful . 
the shades are beautiful , they mix well and they are long wear . 
i would recommend it to anyone . 
i am enjoying this line of liquid hand soap very much . 
i buy this all the time when i need it . 
i love it and it works wonderful .. 
i never had nails for years and now i do . 
i absolutely love this product . 
i do not wear foundation or powder , ever . 
just the occasional mascara , eyeliner , eyeshadow and lip gloss . 
no pimples . 
no oil . 
just smooth , refreshed feeling skin . 
i ' m about to turn 30 and 
my skin still looks like it did when i was 21 ! 
thank you biore ' ! 
received this color as a gift for christmas and i love it . 
i guess color is subjective . 
it also lasts a really long time without chipping . 
this cream worked better than i expected and helped with acne too . 
it 's a very nice skin softener and helps remove dead skin . 
i found this item to be more trouble than it was worth . 
it also does n't lather very well . 
on the other hand , the smell was ok . 
personally , i 'd rather just use a bar of soap . 
this is the only nail treatment that ever worked for me . 
this works well for me . 
this stuff does n't lather up like bigger brands do . 
it also does n't seem to cut through grime like my regular stuff 
do n't like the smell . 
i went back to old spice in the shower and dial at the sink . 
it took a while to get to me 
i am 40 with mixed oily and dry wrinkled skin . 
it burns a bit   which means it 's working . 
you can get so creative with this stamp plate . 
everyone loves all my nail art designs . 
if you like hello kitty the stamp is great . 
a color sure to be loved by all . 
and i ' m sure on . 
arrived quickly and would recommend this to anyone who wants a great gel polish . 
in powderpufff pink ! 
i love it . 
at first i hated it , its different 
i tried it again with a cute pink liner i had lying around 
i loved it at first 
its a really cute berry pink color with sparkles . 
i must note that my lips have darkened due to illness . 
ummm ... what can i say , its a mirror . 
its very cute . 
i would have gave it 5 stars but i thought it would be bigger . 
its quite small , but oh well it works . 
so , i 'd say this is a preemptive treatment option . 
great concealer . 
not for use under the eyes though , it 's just too thick . 
definitely best for blemishes and redness . 
first , i have thick , wavy , dark hair . 
but even after the first time i used it 
, my hair was soft , silky , and not frizzy at all . 
i let it air - dry 
and then i flat - ironed it . 
and my scalp did not itch . 
it looks great .   
i noticed the difference 
my flakes and itching are gone ! 
i absolutely love this eyelash curler . 
it works great and leaves my lashes looking so full and curled to perfection . 
it is the perfect eyelash curler ! 
this is my favorite hair gel . 
the picture may be misleading if you do not pay attention to the description . 
this is an 8 oz . 
the picture is showing the 32 oz i believe . 
i have used st . 
ives products and was looking something on a cheap to help reduce redness . 
well , i can not say it reduced anything but rather made it worse . 
my skin felt like it was burned . 
never gave me as much trouble as this one . 
i wanted to try different brands of black soap . 
well , they 're okay . 
i have tried this on my face , body , and hair . 
this soap also has large exfoliating piece which is a plus . 
it is too bad . 
my daughter has used this lotion 4 times . 
she is able to build her skin tone with additional applications . 
i highly recommend this product . 
colors are bright . 
i use sapphoras jumbo waterproof eye pencil . 
i tried with a base and colors were not very bright . 
i have done several designs on these and like each one . 
i really like the smell the look and the feel of this product . 
you can use straight or make your own concoction . 
just like store bought butter ... 
i would recommend this product ... 
god bless and enjoy your shea butter , , 
yah i suppose you could use the cheaper stuff for that 
but i want to help my hair with the salt damage 
he likes how it feels and smells . 
i had high hopes for this closure . 
and i know someone out there can work with it . 
i ' m not that person . 
the positives   the hair is indeed human and curls and blends nicely . 
the negatives   the closure is tiny . 
another   it 's especially fragile . 
if you 're 
i would much rather purchase a more natural looking closure for 20 bucks more . 
i used these in my foot bath and it 's wonderful and so aromatic . 
the lavender smell is so soothing and relaxing . 
this sharpener is uber efficient . 
love it ! 
this is my first real techniques brush . 
i ' ve used it for foundation and powder and it works great . 
i especially like the handle . 
i want to buy more rt brushes . 
my package arrived quickly and was well packaged . 
this scent is timeless . 
its soft , sweet and long lasting . 
each time i wear this , people ask me what 
i ' m wearing ! 
so that is what ill continue doing ... returning this one unfortunately 
solved my problem immediately ! 
how long do they last ? 
you can use this for high lighter powder or blush , even bronze . 
hard to find . 
glad i did . 
great product . 
used it on my face to help with oiliness and acne . 
this is a musthave for makeup artists , great belt for all your brushes . 
very convenient you can adjust the strap to size . 
great find ! 
it is soft ! 
i was surprised at how soft it is ! 
much , much softer than synthetic sponges i have used . 
it is a natural sea sponge after all ! 
i bought this wig after my head was shaved due to skin cancer issues . 
it 's been , what ... a year now ... 
and she 's still shedding . 
she also does n't hold up well . 
i rate this about a c . 
its a very cute wig ... but a lot of maintenance and shedding . 
these are the best lashes i ' ve ever used ! 
i use them everyday and get constant compliments on how beautiful my eyelashes are . 
they are natural looking and easy to put on . 
i highly recommend them ! ! 
in a lot of soaps , cleaning comes with a drying effect . 
somehow it even leaves your skin feeling more moisturized . 
i recommend you try this soap . 
it really does do a great job , especially on your face . 
one.this is my best one , delicate cleans 
well .i am happy that amazon carries it because i will keep reordering forever ! 
i ' m a heavy sweater and this soap takes away all odors . 
i have tried many lotions in the past . 
and i am glad that i did . 
this is a great lotion . 
and my hands felt great as well . 
now the real test would be how long would it last . 
well in the week that i have been using it 
finally i found the right double eyelid for me ... 
it 's easy to apply , in just a few seconds , already done ! 
unlike the fiber one ... more important , it 's not visible ! 
even u do n't put any make up - 
it 's just a normal , bland soap feeling thing . 
nothing special . 
i prefer the other dove product instead and would pass on this . 
i love bb creams.stila stay all day 
and , the smell is strong   floral ? 
grandmotherly ?   
then , return here to make your purchase .   
you will often get a better deal here . 
in fact , i thought my skin looked like it had more wrinkles . 
i just thank them and tell them no , not really . 
that perhaps it 's my new hat or nail polish.for 
my closest friends 
i ' ve shared the wonderful news about aveeno ageless vitality rejuvenating day treatment . 
so i normally do n't use detangler on my own hair . 
we sprayed it with this stuff 
and it was an instant change and so easy to comb.i 
for some reason swimming tangles 
so far not impressed ! 
i do n't know maybe too soon to actually see any results . 
no tightening effects 
what so ever . 
the smelled went away for me after 2 days . 
if it really works i could care less about what it smells like . 
i plan on continuing to use the cream until it runs out . 
it was making a sudsy sound.however , it does deliver on its moisturization claim . 
but it did add moisture to my skin . 
it is light and covers all imperfections . 
i have nothing but kudos for this product . 
to use , tap brush on foundation until bristles are lightly coated . 
buff gently onto skin in a circular motion for buildable coverage.i thought 
prisrob 03 - 21 - 14 
i love the pink tips of the brushes ! ! ! 
exceptional quality- no shedding nd 
so soft- a complete set for a precise look 
i have never used a better brand than keratase . 
this makes my fine hair look great . 
my hair becomes greasy fast especially when i use products 
but i use this stuff twice in the morning , twice . 
this is a very good conditioner . 
the rainforest fresh scent is appealing and not too strong . 
the conditioner worked with on my fine hair and my wife 's thicker hair . 
it has a good consistency and easily rinses off . 
the large bottle makes it worthwhile for the whole family to use . 
i really like this cream . 
i ' m not nor every will be preggo . 
but i do have dry skin . 
particularly i like that is has no offensive scent . 
i do think it is too expensive . 
i wish bb had a different brand packaging for the same product . 
the lack of scent alone is brilliant ! 
i ca nt believe the quality of this inexpensive straightener . 
i spent 5 times as much on my last iron .. 
never again . 
first off , i had high hopes with this foundation . 
very high . 
so i did n't really notice how bad my foundation was . 
i had to keep reapplying it 
i think this foundation would be good for someone with a darker oily complexion . 
for people with light skin and dry skin , i do n't recommend . 
i have scleroderma so my cuticles dry out easily . 
this keeps them soft and easy to manicure . 
it 's the best cuticle oil 
i ' ve found and does not irritate as some have . 
definitely recommended . 
i have keratin straigtened hair 
so i wanted someting that would n't interfere with that . 
i feel as though i am conditioning instead of damaging . 
it is a very good protectant from heat appliances . 
the best product for damage has and always will be nexxus emergencee . 
i leave it on 5 minutes after shampoo and then condition . 
noticeable difference . 
emergencee actualy repairs , this product protects the repair ! 
i call it batman . 
fast delivery and smells great . 
received a lot of compliments . 
i 'll order again . 
but burnout feels more like a lotion so it spreads much better 
and i do n't need to apply as much . 
also , no white residue ! 
i loooove this stuff ! 
it 's still tacky like the others 
it 's about twice as expensive as other stuff i buy 
but i am buying burnout from now on . 
i hope they do n't stop making it ! 
received them before time , and they were gorgeous . 
the box was a bit bent but they were not affected . 
i would order from them again . 
will order again ... 
i felt there were some pros and cons with this product . 
but first let me give you some context . 
i either straighten or curl my hair every day . 
i have almost shoulder length med thickness hair with some naturel wave . 
i also liked the digital display indicating the temperature . 
true to advertising , it did heat up very quicky . 
this product might also be more useful on longer or finer hair . 
this is lip gloss with a great price and a nice shine ! 
nyx butter lip gloss has not taste ... which is great ! 
it is also long - lasting . 
it definitely has good coverage and a pretty color . 
i love this lip gloss . 
it is not a sticky . 
lip gloss smell very good , you feel like a cherry on your lips . 
color is perfect for me 
my hair gets oily if i sweat but my scalp gets dandruff in the winter 
so i think that would be the more optimal time to use it . 
i am a sucker for that coconut smell . 
it has a nice texture and provides a lighter weight moisturization to hair . 
i have been using this product even as i periodically try others . 
i still , so far , always come back to this one . 
i like the way it goes on -- the applicator is better than most . 
even the cleaners made specifically for waterproof mascara do n't really get it off . 
for now , that will have to work .   
if you know of a better one , i am watching for your comments ! 
see my profile page for my makeup results . 
this is my normal make - up face . 
my hair is thin , fine and greasy . 
i have suffered with male pattern baldness   
mpb   since i was in my early twenties . 
suave professionals natural infusion seaweed and lotus blossom conditioner , 12.6 ounce 
i take a shower each morning 
the combination lathers very well . 
it is shiny , bouncy and healthy . 
how do i know when my hair is clean and healthy ? 
i do n't feel it . 
i do n't even now it is there . 
it does n't itch . 
it does n't feel greasy . 
there are no flakes of dandruff on my shoulder . 
after i blow dry my hair , it looks more voluminous . 
my hair does n't look thin . 
my mpb is hardly noticeable . 
their products have always been safe , reliable and inexpensive . 
they perform as well , 
if not better , than the more expensive brands . 
i highly recommend them.joseph b. hoyos 
but it 's a good leave - in conditioner . 
this however is the only differences to my face i have noticed . 
i apply to my face the rest left on my hands 
i rub into them like you would lotion 
and this is were 
so i usually moisturize twice anyway . 
my hair must be coping because the results start to fade or are unnoticeable . 
my goal of bsl may have to wait until make more      . 
i did n't buy from amazon . 
love the smell of citrus , and this lotion smells so good . 
it is absolutely something that i would purchase again . 
this is how fingernail scissors should work . 
i have used this conditioner for a while and i love it . 
i really like this e.l.f . make up primer ! 
i have never used a product like this before and for a first time user 
i ' m very satisfied . 
the primer is super light weight and goes on clear . 
i thought it was a good deal ! 
just what i needed to do all the cool new nail designs . 
seem to be made well and easily cleaned up . 
i like them but they are a little to long and full for me . 
i wash my eyelids regularly , and this never stings or burns my eyes . 
it keeps my whole face so clean and supple . 
everything has a smell . 
nothing more to say that this is a great cleanser . 
i have sensative skin , it works great for me . 
does n't strip skin of oils . 
i ' m a garden lover , simply love to work in the yard . 
the results of my flower beds are n't prize winners 
but that 's beside the point 
- the pleasure is in planting and tending to them . 
what is not a pleasure for me is wearing garden gloves . 
it has been about two weeks   
tweezerman makes very nice , quality products . 
this set is no different . 
she especially likes how the file comes in its own little case . 
it makes putting it in her purse very cute and convenient . 
i was very disappointed in this product . 
i saw no results whatsoever with this product . 
you just lightly clean off your nails then wash your hands and 
you 're ready to go ! 
wooo wooo to gelish ! 
i love this stuff ! 
i love using this as a styler and it has a great smell . 
i sweat a lot during the summer . 
this works pretty well . 
its not perfect but better than the others out there   non prescription 
i love this be use of the spf , ad it 's not greasy . 
i use this under my makeup . 
it makes mypores look smaller . 
i love this and it 's cheaper on avon.com 
i really like the look of the gel polish . 
it is very easy to do at home and quick , too . 
durability was ok.i have never had a professional gel nail application 
so i can not compare it to a gel done at a nail salon . 
this powder gives my roots that lift that i ' ve always wanted . 
it also helps to keep oil at bay 
so i can go a day without shampooing . 
my face is brighter 
so i will only use this gel three times 
aweek now instead of everyday . 
after a couple of hours , the scent was no longer noticeable at all . 
it protected my fair skin well on a sunny day . 
it was number one on her amazon wish list . 
awesome to know i got something she wanted . 
had it gift wrapped and shipped to their home . 
i know u can eat it but that is not y 
i got it .   
i got this to make a body butter with again 
it is a little hard have to softer by warming it up 
but that is no big deal for me 
just will not make a very good body butter . 
still trying to work with it.all the same it smells so good 
i use it as is.such a tasty smell .   
perfect for skin , would surely recommend this 
a coworker the other day exclaimed ,   you smell good !   
as she passed by me in the office . 
the price for this size bottle is great , though . 
i can not find it cheaper anywhere else . 
i have oily skin and was looking for good coverage that would n't crease . 
it really works . 
but then i tried it as per the instructions and used it overnight . 
it was amazing ... 
all most of my dry split - ends were gone . 
truly worth the money . 
i purchased this cream because of all the great reviews and am totally disappointed . 
i have been using it now for over 6 weeks , faithfully . 
i apply it at least once a day , sometimes morning and night . 
toni guy 's glamour volume whip is working for me . 
i love the texture of the whip , too . 
it 's fluffy and smooth . 
unfortunately , my warm oily lids are no match for this waterproof eyeliner . 
and i ' m not very artistic , nor am i a professional.great buy . 
great mineral makeup ! 
i have sensitive , combination oily skin and it works very well for me . 
would recommend if you are looking for light coverage 
one of my favorite polishes ever ! 
two coats and done ! 
super fast drying time . 
awesome holo effect . 
i would buy this again and will . 
i would buy other color club products . 
i would recommend this product to others . 
i payed   5.00 and free s h when i purchased this product . 
i have been using this restorative mask about once a week for a month . 
it is actually doing . 
it is a great conditioning treatment , though ! 
i know that 's not really quantifiable 
but it does appear different . 
the   glow   
to.so , why did i give it only three stars ? 
they are just dangerous.update- 
the product is rich and makes my skin immediately feel alive . 
i have no problems with irritation from either product . 
if you have oily skin perhaps you will like the new product better . 
i need some moisture , especially in the winter . 
this is an autumnal color for me . 
i wear it with black and gray . 
goes on easily but does require 3 coats . 
my 24 year old daughter has struggled with severe eczema all of her life . 
have been using this regularly . 
works and feels well . 
great smell . 
i found a years    2 , 3 yrs ?   
old bottle of this polish and out of boredom used it . 
the colors are great and these really do dry almost instantly . 
they are good for cleaning computer keyboards , tools , etc . 
as well as applying make - up and nails . 
the makeup concealer goes on fantastic , and so much better than sponge applicators . 
it was a little difficult adapting to just base makeup and concealer 
but now i would n't think of putting powder back on my face . 
i will not be without this brush from now on . 
new zealand.the manufacturer sent me a sample to try several weeks ago . 
the first time i used it i noticed just the tiniest of tingles 
but i ' ve never experienced that again . 
when you 're my age you need all the moisturizing you can get !   
the smell is gentle and not unpleasant and the cream leaves no greasy feel . 
i say it 's more like a soft soap scent . 
go more natural and get reg . 
lashes or thinner . 
or then use a lil eye liner . 
good price for 20 lashes , than buying one pair for 5 bucks ! 
thank you .   - 
love it this wig long and nice color .... 
but it tangles too fast 
but for the price its nice and would buy another one ! 
and then it rinses away , cleanly ... 
100   gone . 
no residue in my experience.if 
you want a little luxury in your kitchen , try a bottle of this . 
but i ' m hooked on this stuff ! 
therefore , also made the product a bit expensive . 
softens the skin , but does n't feel greasy . 
light fragrance , but it stays on your skin . 
probably not too much for most people , but i prefer unsecented . 
no artificial color . 
copied the list of ingredients from the back of the bottle . 
spellcheck overload!comments by others 
my 20 something son did n't like the smell of it . 
i ordered wen with such enthusiasm and i thought i would love it . 
i was rather disappointed though . 
i found i did n't need nearly as much as they say you do . 
i loved the smell and the way it feels while massaging through my hair . 
however , i did n't notice a real improvement at all in my hair . 
it was n't smoother or shiner . 
in fact , it was a little frizzier than normal . 
i really thought this was going to transform my hair . 
too bad ! 
axe 's latest scent , apollois probably one of their best scents ever . 
it grips and holds the hair easily and provides a smooth blowdry . 
it has a large barrel and works well with my medium length hair . 
i ' m african american , older with oily skin . 
my under eye area is darker and has bags sometimes . 
i do not have wrinkles . 
this is turning out to be a moisturizer and that 's it . 
i ' ve bee using it for a month . 
i 'll update in a few months . 
i started using this product a month and a half ago . 
i thought it was a phase . 
it was not , i stopped using it and they stopped falling out . 
then i thought maybe it would work on my eyebrows ... 
it did not , they started falling out too . 
this confirms that the mavala does not do anything to help the lashes . 
oh well ... good luck on your search ! 
i purchased this large one for   20 . 
one of my best purchases of the year . 
its a lot cheaper than the proactive healing lotion 
but i found this works better on isolated spots . 
now its not miracle cream , like most people think and review it bad . 
that 's so it can heal faster 
and you will stop picking at it.because 
i always try to keep it in my purse 
and i find myself offering some to my guy friends when its absolutely bad . 
no powder residue on your face . 
best feature!2 . 
need to use 2 sheets to really get the oil shine off my face.3 . 
nice packaging . 
olay professional pro - x intensive wrinkle protocol 1 kit is wonderful . 
i use it everyday and i could see the differents in my face . 
i love it , my only wish is if it were cheaper in price . 
this item does n't adequately moisturize and is greasy for my combination skin . 
it makes my dry cheeks greasy and i do n't need that . 
however , it works well for my mom , who has normal skin . 
i am not in love with these 
but they are what they advertised for the most part . 
my daughters nails are more flat so they work better . 
i just put them in a baggie as they do fall out . 
waste of money . 
useless mirror . 
i think it 's a good straightener , but not for the price . 
i use this product on a regular basis . 
this is just simple super glue , just less harsh . 
i just pulled out the glue and fixed the corner . 
have tried four of the vaseline moisturizer products and this is my favorite . 
but i really like this . 
it has very little greasiness.i am a strong believer in aloe 
and i think this helps my dry skin . 
it is my favorite of the vaseline total moisture products . 
this is very great shampoo and smells great ! ! 
great price as well with amazon mom subscribe and save . 
i would recommend it if you like head    shoulders . 
i expected to help my skin looks brightening.but 
i need to wait more than 2 months . 
i will update after 3 months 
i was not happy with this product . 
at least i would have received the conditioner that comes in the pkg . 
this root touch up by clairol did not have that 
and it was sorely missed . 
why would anyone do that ? 
i do n't know ... 
buy them here . 
the pump   
i thought they could have included a little more bleach . 
i did not bleach my hair . 
i bleached a track of weave . 
i have dark brownish hair and i wanted to have black and blue hair 
so i dyed my hair black . 
as i sat in the sun today it has lightened a little . 
luckily there are youtube video tutorials that helped me tremendously . 
the dye got everywhere when i used it . 
the dye got on the walls , sink , floor , and my hands . 
the color was seriously too dark it almost resembled black 
and i am totally dissatisfied . 
it did not stain the sink , floor , walls , or my hands . 
the color actually rinsed out of the hair and the color is so vibrant ! 
i say ditch splat ! and get on with manic panic ! 
my husband will use an anti - dandruff shampoo daily instead of switching back 
and forth.this is another winner , 2 in 1 , conditions hair nicely , 
keeps it flake free . 
i been trying many different products for my face .. 
i have sensitive skin with acne scars 
i will b uy again 
i assumed this was the case . 
i got 8 different colored clips ! 
i plan to return them . 
i feel quite mislead . 
just not what i like . 
nothing really different about it . 
ca nt see holo at all . 
and i know polish 
i ve had long nails for over 50 yrs . 
nothing amazing . 
i love this hand cream . 
it smells great , is non - irritating , and is super hydrating . 
i do n't purchase anything except for this ! 
i ' ve been working to eliminate harsh chemicals from my skin care regime . 
this rating of 7 from ewg is mostly due to fragrance and butylated hydroxytoluene . 
look it up at ewg.org . 
i like they way they smell , but most are too strong . 
love this color . 
perfect for the summer time . 
i ' m a guy , so do n't use makeup . 
i do workout a lot and have problems with clogged facial pores . 
this thing works great . 
guys - think of it as a random orbital scrubber for your face . 
stick on the pad and add some water . 
, it 's like a mini - sander you attach scrubbing pads to .   
the battery door is sealed and water resistant . 
i 'd trust it in the shower , but not submerging in the tub . 
it also does a great job cleaning up stubborn dirt , stains , etc . 
from your arms and legs . 
and i have to say wow 
they 're all so pigmented and go on beautifully . 
they are slightly powdery , 
just like all other shadows out there , these perform much better with an eye 
the only negative i have for these is the naming . 
the flap that covers them and magnetically snaps over to protect them is genius ! 
i ' ve mixed allegro and blink 1982 for this . 
this is almost a full face of makeup for under   25 . 
that 's an insane value . 
leaves hair silky soft    shiny after blow dryer    iron ! 
-- it 's a big difference and worth the splurge . 
i was disappointed with the cost and the product . 
i have long hair and it left it feeling just o.k . 
it was way to expensive to leave it still feeling oily and really tangled . 
not impressed and will not order again . 
my lil boy has very dry skin 
so i decided to try on him . 
i have gotten better lasting results from using intense repair lubriderm lotion . 
and i can see the white little balls forming . 
i will definitely but this product again ! 
costs a bit more than other polishes , but definitely worth it . 
highly recommend you try ! 
i have long , baby - fine hair with natural waves . 
most of us pickup a cheap set of clippers from our local pharmacy . 
therefore we come to accept the poor cutting quality of these budget clippers . 
still , i had faith that it would be money 
well spent.upon receiving the new clippers and removing them from their stylish packaging 
, i could immediately tell that these were no ordinary toenail clippers . 
they are moderately heavy and have a nice satin smooth finish . 
they cut with an almost scissor like feel . 
another thing that impressed me was the taper of the cutting blades . 
the device is very easy and safe to use . 
they will repair or replace any defective tool free of charge . 
they look , feel and perform like a top quality product . 
i highly recommend this toenail clipper to everyone . 
i painted my nails and they looked and smelled great ! 
this coloration did n't go away for weeks , and was really annoying . 
either way , not great . 
it 's never orange , always turns out a nice brown color . 
do your research before buying . 
this is one terrific and powerful little travel dryer ! 
and you can not beat the price . 
very powerful and efficient , and i ' m glad i found it . 
in no time , my hair is dry and styled . 
wonderful product . 
this condish has awesome slip ! 
it makes detangling a breeze ! 
just awesome , i highly recommend ! 
i found this brush to be way to soft ! 
when i used it , i could hardly feel the bristles . 
this is why i gave it a 2 star rating . 
you need very little to apply at once . 
my right hand and arm feel soft , like silky skin . 
my left hand and arm has severely dry , damaged skin . 
the difference is incredible for both me , and my daughter . 
this was what cured my ingrown toe nail for good . 
this bottle seems to be almost diluted , if not simply weaker . 
the fragrance is present , but barely . 
it still good , but not as expected . 
honestly i ' m thrilled with my purchase . 
i would 5 star it 
well i 'll just buy more when i run out of my sizes . 
i ' ve reviewed some of what i ' ve tried . 
i ' m not even sure why i did   
well , anyway , i got me a jar and tried   
it is 1 . 
bland and neutral   no smell whatsoever .2 . 
i also got the lotion , to compare . 
i like the creme better   
i can not go around with this bucket on me 
, it 's too big   
that.note 1   
it 's even cheaper in wegman 's   like ten bucks ,    - . 
my favorite    34 lipstick   34   now . 
feels good on my lips and keeps them moist . 
the colors are great . 
i prefer the non - frosted variety of any lip product . 
i was surprised at so few reviews for this ! 
wet or dry , matte or shimmery , great - tasting or less filling-- 
this and udpp 
, you 're going to get almost the same bang for your buck . 
two , and most importantly , packaging ! 
who here does n't lament all the lost product in the udpp genie bottle ? 
i have now used this product 4 times . 
the last time i put a cap on and added heat . 
that was the second time within a couple days that i used it . 
it worked almost to well . 
my bangs would n't say put . 
the next day to combat the softness i used more hair spray . 
from now on i will use once a week . 
this conditioner works . 
i really like the papaya smell , and it leaves my skin very smooth . 
it is rather messy , but still gets 5 stars from me . 
not wanting to pay 40 - 50 bucks for a 1.7 oz . 
i find the drydown to be the best part ... 
i love the gold . 
it is a really nice shatter gold and it dries pretty quickly . 
i always buy my burberry perfume from amazon . 
much cheaper than a department store 
and you 're getting the exact same product . 
highly recommend it!burberry brit is my go - to scent . 
i always get compliments on it . 
everyone says the same   the smell is beautiful without being overpowering . 
like the alpha hydrox products . 
bought this to try it out . 
will see , too soon to say . 
hopefully it will be good 
i will see . 
i used this mask for 1 year . 
i watched a famous tv show in taiwan which recommended this product . 
so i decided to keep trusting this product , see how it goes . 
keeps the whole families dandruff at bay . 
i love it . 
the classic clean smell is my favorite , just like the old stuff . 
this product has been working pretty much the same way . 
the product seems to rinse cleanly from my hair . 
it has a decent , mild , floral scent . 
personally i would prefer a container that could be stood on either end . 
they are lightly scented and non - irritating   i have sensitive skin . 
one of my favorite hand soaps.good price 
i was using sally hansen    
34 no chip   34   which i thought pretty good . 
it had a nice thick coating and lasted for about 4 days . 
it became so thick that you could n't use it after a while . 
i used it over my toes and they looked salon perfect . 
it 's a nice thin , shiny coating that looks like my regular pedicures . 
just one coat does that job ! 
a length guide would be nice 
it really is one coat first off , but i 'll admit 
, i only found use for the third one as all 
olay quench ultra moisture is one of the few lotions that is truly effective . 
my husband loves this hair gel . 
pros     cheap . 
about the same price as the next cheapest one you 'll find .   
awesome rubber grip .   
hard side that works well for bottoms of feet .   
stays together and lasts a long time   
i ' ve had mine for a year .cons     
does n't rinse out well , but most do n't .   
you can never have too many of these . 
first off 38   for this .. 
i swear its like nothing in the little thingy 
n i tought it was cream 
not powder    62     ugh 
these are great ! and for the price , you can not beat it . 
these are a must have ! 
i was so delighted to find it on amazon . 
excellent quality . 
well made . 
new condition with tag still attached . 
it really teases the hair well too . 
i love the way it feels in my hand . 
i love natural bristle brushes for my thick coarse hair . 
both lotions apply smoothly and with no greasiness and are comfortable to use . 
i love that this product contains spf 30 too . 
one note , beware of getting the product in or too near your eyes . 
i did this accidentally and will avoid that mistake in future use . 
i will definitely continue to use it . 
i love the nail dryer . 
the machine offers 2 time settings and an easy push on button . 
i am now perfecting my gel nail polishing . 
just ordered my 5th bottle of this facial cream iii , highly recommend it . 
my husband loves it , too 
i bought this soap form   halal - everyday   
it cost me like almost   4 and the shipping was like   6 
so it was pretty cheap , but now the prices went up!anyways 
i love the soap ! 
other soaps cuz the smell just dissipates 
my skin does seem clearer and my pores smaller . 
do i still get pimples ? 
but tiny ones , not like the ones i used to get 
and i ca nt believe it ! 
i do nt know 
but it looks like it . 
its awesome ! 
i ' ve heard so much about this brand on my favorite beauty blogs 
so i had to finally give it a try . 
i like it very much ! 
this is not an everyday skin 
you 're only supposed to use it twice a week . 
i will say when i use it my skin feels very soft . 
it 's a great face cleanser for the price . 
i ' m going to try more from this line . 
he 's a fan of all axe products   
he took the bait . 
helps removes dirt and oil and gives your face a natural glow . 
i love how this makes my son look 
and i think i ' ve found it . 
i have n't used it long 
but i t 's already made a difference in my skin . 
it leaves a nice glow and my skin feels smoother . 
i wanted to see if i liked these   i do !   
and which ones matched my skin 
so this was perfect ! 
i liked them all expect the silver one .. 
it 's a little shimmery 
and i do n't like how it makes my skin look . 
this helped me decide to buy the hot pink one to use every day ! 
i still have some left in my samples and will use them up soon . 
i personally like the micro sculpting cream better . 
i feel it 's more hydrating than the serum . 
the serum versions are easier to absorb and i feel are more concentrated . 
i like the renerist serum better than this . 
great for relaxed hair . 
my hair looks smoother and healthier . 
this conditioner only needs to be applied every week or so . 
i ' m very pleased with the results . 
their wrapping lotion is good , too.do n't get ripped off . 
buy this at your local walgreens or other drugstores . 
this seller 's price is crazy high . 
the seller claims free shipping . 
they have included shipping in the cost of the product . 
this is a very small packet ... note the weight . 
you can find this conditioner very easily at your local stores . 
some sellers are offering in bulk .... 
a 12 pack for about 26 bucks . 
that includes shipping . 
this product seems ok . 
smells decent , seems as effective as any other shampoo conditioner . 
it has n't seemed to make much difference with it . 
otherwise it 's fine . 
this color was a bold choice for me 
but i had to give it a try . 
after applying 2 coats to an accent nail i fell in love . 
love opi for the perfect flow and easy spread . 
i do n't mind cause 
i know they wanted to make sure the package did n't break . 
i think this is the best exfoliant that i have used . 
it left my skin feeling fresh and clean . 
it really removed dead skin and dryness . 
it smells great . 
it was very invigorating . 
i highly recommend this product . 
i have used a lot of similar products and this is my favorite . 
very pleasant smell , very creamy , and does the job . 
a little goes a long way . 
will order this for sure . 
overall , i found this to be a pretty good moisturizer . 
i really liked the design of the bottle with the small tip 
so i could squeeze out a small amount . 
on the downside , i found the size to be rather small . 
i guess i did n't realize how little 1.4 oz really was 
but this bottle certainly will not last more than maybe a month . 
other than that , i ' m pretty pleased and would recommend the product . 
i needed practice . 
now i ' ve had them on for almost 2 days . 
the only thing i do n't like is the strong smell . 
i need to use a mask next time . 
i also air out the room when doing my lashes . 
i will post an update . 
beautiful pearls . 
come in two sizes . 
the backs are flat for easy application . 
if you are expecting a huge container , you are mistaken . 
the whole container can fit in the palm of my hand . 
the container is small and plastic so handle with care . 
go slow in turning otherwise you may have pearls everywhere . 
order in advance 
so you may have them for your nails will needed . 
if you are applying these on your nails they are perfect . 
the small one is perfect to make a little dotted line . 
i love mine . 
so far no complaints . 
hope this helps . 
it also has a very pleasant aroma . 
i bought this perfume for my mom and they are fake i 
m so mad about this . 
dissapointed totally ! ! ! ! 
please check out 
it is not a stain like i thought . 
this product is a fine powder and works really well . 
it goes on easy 
but i would 100   recommend you should use the spray applicator with it . 
3 . with   
2 you can not apply a precise amount . 
with the applicator it 's like an air brush for paint with perfect control.with 
, so it 's not on your scalp and looks funny . 
it 's hair fiber not scalp fiber . 
it does wash off really easy 
so obviously it will not make it through the rain 
or if you go swimming . 
it does hide thin areas really well . 
try lipogaine and you will be amazed in the quick results . 
i may just be awkward though lol . 
repurchased it so many times . 
it is gentle and effective . 
my hair is fine , highlighted , dry ends . 
works very well . 
i have age spots on my hands and wanted something to help lighten them . 
i am mainly just using it up as a hand - soap now . 
i love the color , perfect winter shade ! 
great price and great product . 
i 'll be back for more polish for sure . 
i have been using other brands of straightening sprays which actually worked pretty well . 
my only issues with them were the fragrances . 
i broke out in a terrible rash all around my neck . 
this nexxus spray does just as well in straightening 
but it is not overly fragranced . 
i do n't really notice the    34 memory   34   feature yet . 
it does have some fragrance 
but it 's hardly noticable . 
not enough to break me out anyway ! 
i love this foundation because let your skin very beautiful and natural . 
i have used this nurtura cream for many years . 
it is not my primary face cream 
a very nice moisturizing cream . 
but i did nt count them . 
def going to stop buying nail art products online , as well as makeup . 
bad luck in both areas via amazon sellers . 
lesson learned . 
i ordered on and so did my friend ! ! ! 
we love it and both recommend ! ! ! 
i outsourced this review to my mother . 
although a brilliant woman , she is sometimes baffled by devices and technology . 
after use , the pores on my forehead felt noticeable cleaner and tighter . 
but if it is comparable , then the cost seems very reasonable . 
i love this product . 
and it helps keep polish on longer too . 
i highly recommend opi nail envy . 
hicks is the truth . 
but it does n't work as well on natural hair as i would expect . 
you will need to apply , tie down , and let it dry appropriately . 
tightly curly edges will have a harder time getting your hair to stay down . 
it melts easily so stay away from heat , humidity , or sweating . 
i really like the suave natural infusions line of hair care products . 
the smell is subtle and not at all sweet . 
the shampoo makes a rich thick lather that feels like a luxurious expensive shampoo . 
the bottle is nicely designed , the center being narrow and easy to handle . 
the cap is a flip cap that seals perfectly . 
out.this shampoo left my hair soft and clean . 
will probably use other acne spot treatments in the future . 
this is the perfect sunscreen makeup combination . 
it goes on like silk and lasts all day . 
it 's hard to tell where the makeup ends and naked skin starts . 
i purchased it 's a ten conditioner plus keratin from my beauty center . 
thanks for the fast delivery . 
this helps you , please like my comment .    
when this arrived we found broken glass in it . 
the mirrors were severely scratched . 
the unit itself was gouged . 
this is a lightly tinted spf that also acts as a makeup primer . 
i do think it 's expensive 
it curled nicely and having the extra refills came in handy . 
not bad for a first time lash curler user ! 
i was wrong . 
and it weighed my hair to the extreme . 
but i was highly dissatisfied . 
i would n't suggest wasting your money on this . 
all good qualities.a good product that serves the purpose it was designed for . 
i love these brushes . 
they 're fantastic . 
they 're very soft and spread eyeshadows really well . 
this is a great set for eyes . 
you can use some of the brushes to apply concealer too . 
and i reallyy recomend it 
just click the image and you can see for yourself ! 
these 3 polishes were fun to try mind they are my very first 
cnd 's ever to own . 
i just love the formulas and how great they work ! 
i think this might be the best blush ever made ! ! 
the texture makes it so beautiful on the skin . 
i was so upset when i could n't find it in stores anymore 
so when i saw it on here i got 3 containers of it . 
it 's just 
i am too young for it . 
this product is for people in their 60s . 
the smell was awful to me . 
but that s just me . 
maybe it smells great to others . 
i gave mine away . 
my daughter ordered these and they were not what she was expecting . 
the old saying is ... 
you get what you pay for ... 
i guess that is true ! 
this perfume has a very decent smell . 
i use it whenever i am going to college in the morning . 
after years of doing the whole skinny brows the trend changes to fuller brows . 
i am starting to notice that my brows are getting thicker and darker . 
i would recommend this for anyone needing some help getting fuller eye brows . 
very easy to apply avoid eyes   it will feel sticky ... 
do not expect it to dry down very much . 
i pin my hair away from my face . 
i did this the first time and my skin just glowed afterwards . 
i had no bad reactions at all 
so i upped the time to 30 minutes the next time ... 
then 45 minutes the next time ... 
still no bad reactions or burning pain . 
the fourth time i let it sit close to an hour ... 
no problem at all . 
your skin will feel very soft , feel firmer and glow afterwards . 
you need very little ... 
i would say about a dime size to do your whole face . 
so good pricing here . 
i will be purchasing the full size . 
i love it ! ! 
l o o o o o o o o o v v v v 
e e e e 
i t so much 
thank you amazon.com for carrying this product.ps . 
these are very sharp , please be careful . 
do not let children use without being presentby an adult . 
i have tried so many moisturisers and none of them have really worked . 
they all left a tight feeling on my face until now . 
this moisturiser is perfect . 
nice smell and you only need a little . 
i use this day and night . 
it does not make my foundation slip . 
have n't noticed any wrinkles leaving but my face feels great 
i ' m happy . 
no oily residue as i often get with liquid eye makeup removers . 
i do wear contacts and i felt no irritation whatsoever . 
in fact , my eyes were quite refreshed after using these wipes . 
not sure if that would affect the product at all   
and i feel that those moisturize around my eyes a bit better . 
i am terrible about removing my eyemakeup at night ! 
i really like the smell . 
it 's very pleasant and it lasts really long . 
me less time . 
would recommend this product to friends and family . 
i am sensitive to many products . 
i love it 
this is such a great 2 in 1 shampoo and conditioner . 
i work outdoors and my hair can get really dirty . 
sweaty , greasy and dusty . 
i usually have to shampoo twice to get that clean feeling . 
not with this one . 
just once and it cleans my hair nicely . 
it lathers really well 
and it smells so great . 
with this dove product i can wash my hair quick . 
it leaves my hair feeling great and smelling great . 
i am very pleased with the essie nail corrector pen . 
it is a timesaver for removing unwanted nail polish from skin . 
this is a nail product that i will always include with my manicure items . 
love it and recommend it ! ! 
my order arrived leaking , which was an annoyance . 
that in and of itself is n't a reflection of the product . 
bottom line ? 
i 'd think other products would work just as well or better . 
i have a problem with rough , dry skin on my elbows . 
i have very oily eyelids thus i tend to use water - proof cosmetics . 
like i had   well , excluding mine though . 
good luck . 
i had tried a sample of this in las vegas . 
it was outrageously priced . 
i searched amazon and found it for a reasonable price . 
the product feels great on my skin . 
i personally like the smell of the product . 
it does not smell clinical 
it smells fresh . 
made my skin feel smooth and clean . 
i have oily skin but this did not make me oily at all . 
i highly recommend . 
the product was exactly the same as i had tried in las vegas . 
bueno , practico , c oacute modo , 
econ oacute mico 
y el mejor invento 
se los recomiendo ! ! ! 
i am a hair product addicted person ! 
i have used many various shampoos and conditioners from several different brands . 
i highly suggest this set . 
my mom read about this in costco    
bought it for me to try . 
i have been using this product for a little over a month now    
i love it just as much as the first day i tried it . 
i am so grateful that i no longer have to worry about my skin ! 
the cristophe professional extra strength hair serum works very well at softening hair . 
the fragrance is neutral and it is very easy to apply . 
the downside to this product is that it comes in a very small quantity . 
most of the other serums i have purchased were close to double this size . 
this is a tall order , and wonder pore definitely delivers . 
i actually just used this tonight 
but i have had no problem with the minis or the product 
and it has been a great solution for not over washing my hair . 
m sorry to hear that other people have had so many problems . 
definitely helps nailpolish to dry faster . 
i bought a brand that said    34 invisible .   
far from it . 
this product actually blends in and does n't leave your skin oily looking either . 
plus it was a great price ! 
i ordered this product months ago , like in september 
and it 's now january . 
my feet were so rough and dry . 
low and behold 
... my feet have never been so soft and looked amazing . 
no more dry cracked heels . 
my hair feels silky without any additional product . 
high recommend ! 
these are m. a. c. eyelashes    they are spectacular ! 
you truly must be a diva to wear these as they 're very dramatic . 
i really enjoyed this product . 
this is such a great solution . 
i have very sensitive skin , and this has not caused any irritation . 
i can definitely see the dirt it removes from my face , so 
this is probably my second favorite color that gelish sells . 
it is very sparkly which is perfect ! 
for me . 
and it went on perfectly 
and i had no trouble with it ! ! ! 
was really happy with this ! 
it stays there and does n't shed as far as i have noticed . 
i repeat , this is not for people with sparse hair . 
i use this on my three year old 's scalp to moisturize it . 
it if extremely light - weight , not greesy or messy ! 
i use professional permanent color and 20 volume peroxide . 
if you color your hair , you know just what i am talking about . 
this shampoo gave my hair an improved feel after washing . 
of course , i also needed to use a conditioner . 
i used another dove product for that from the same line.while 
i really do love this product and will purchase it again ! 
i am happy to recommend it . 
er ... this is   6.75 for one bottle ? 
i can get it for   1.75 in dollar and discount stores . 
it 's a nice , dark color . 
it goes on smoothly . 
it 's more of a charcoal - 
i had no problems with this product staying on my skin . 
if you do n't love it , do n't buy this stuff . 
i am impressed and hopeful - great price , fast shipping 
and they stand behind their product ! 
claimed acetone would not ruin the finish and that is pure malarkey . 
the bottom is wasting away with only three applications . 
do not buy or waste your time with . 
same day i put some oil into my hair shampoo and conditioner bottle . 
so next morning i rinse my hair as usual i put shampoo and conditioner 
nothing else but no hair loss . 
no miracles . 
good for me , not good for other people . 
i ' ve never used eyebrow tinting before . 
acutally just discovered eyebrow and eyelash tinting . 
my hair is naturally a light brown 
but i dye my hair a blue black 
so my eyebrows look too light . 
i was n't sure how well this would work , but it 's amazing . 
it 's one less step i have to worry about . 
i used the natural black so it 's not too black . 
very easy instructions and easy to apply . 
it goes away quickly once you move away from your eye . 
once applied it did n't burn my eyes at all during the waiting period . 
it does say not to tint your lashes with this , 
i ' m thinking it 's because it may burn them . 
not sure if over tinting could damage your brow hairs . 
this spray has a very nice , fresh fragrance . 
it smells like spring . 
you apply it while your hair is still wet . 
then just dry your hair as usual . 
this spray is not sticky . 
it did not really change how my hair felt afterwards . 
it did not dry my hair out . 
the 2 pack method is really awesome because a little goes a long way . 
this is an excellent hair straightener ! 
it did n't move down the length of the hair.overall 
this is an excellent straightener . 
i do wish the blades were a little wider for my thick hair . 
also , a locking clip for the blades would be nice . 
these came from china and took about 3 weeks to get here . 
in this set i only got doubles of about 3 or 4 . 
but there are a few that are twisted or bent 
but i can still work with them . 
this product is very disappointing . 
love the product but the color looks more pink than it really is . 
here is what i immediately do n't like . 
according to the label it contains propylene glycol . 
overall , i rate this product 4 stars . 
still recommend to most people . 
would be 5 stars is replace propylene glycol with something less harmful . 
these eyeshadow are so velvety soft and richly pigments . 
my hands and feet get regular tlc and are in pretty good shape . 
one   the cleansing and exfoliating pad . 
i was able to wrestle them on my husband . 
i have only used the larger straighteners . 
its important to me to have these built in safety features . 
because miracote is the new hg of my nail arsenal . 
what ? ! 
too god to be true 
i have n't noticed shrinking with this one 
which i doubt i will ! 
i would and have recommended this product to anyone and everyone . 
i love the light fresh lavender scent of this paraffin . 
i ' ve just begun to utilize this detoxifying regimine twice day . 
there is so much more to this than just exfoliating and cellulite reduction . 
m glad i did , because these are nice , comfortable headbands . 
they really hold my slippery , fine hair , which is quite an accomplishment . 
this nail varnish provides easy and complete coverage in one coat ! 
i like the colors a lot ! 
the candy cast is very bright and cheerful ! 
trust me ... 
but every other color is great ! 
glad i purchased these . 
they 're great for creating perfectly round dots for nail art design . 
i did n't like this at first , but now like it very much . 
the nice volume stays for at least 2 days . 
product is super easy to apply and dries very fast . 
i would buy again . 
these worked just as we 'll as others i have paid more for . 
the case is great too as it keeps all the colors separated ! 
it contains an unknown amount of vitamin c   
what 's the big secret ? . 
i use it twice a day with avalon 's orange cleanser . 
i also take photoceramide supplements . 
placed my order oct . 
19 received the item oct . 
so it got to me pretty early which is good . 
omg this wig is the bomb.com it is so soft the color is awesome 
and it was what i order . 
the quality is phenemenol for the price . 
this wig is better than a lot of beauty store wig i have bought . 
love it ! ! ! 
will be ordering againthe best synthetic wig i ever had 
if anything , i felt the moisture less from this product.overall ? 
it 's not bad , but not great , hence the 3 star rating . 
and it did n't really stain . 
it stained my shower and left my hair feeling cruddy and dry . 
so far , nearly four weeks later , it 's still dark brown . 
the smell lasts for hours . 
it 's not unpleasant , just odd . 
after a couple of hours your hands still feel silky smooth . 
this is a pretty awesome product for our dry winters . 
overall , this is a great bar of soap , aside from the scent . 
we brought this product with us on vacation to cape cod . 
we used it quite frequently to relieve sunburn . 
found that the product responded very fast and lasted especially when applied before bed . 
does not leave a greasy film and has a nice mild scent . 
i love it so much 
it 's an excellent color for any season ! 
i love this polish with silver glitter gradients or just by itself ! 
my hair is 3b-3c curly and it makes my hair feel soft and wonderful . 
i do n't use it more than once every two weeks 
these are n't the least expensive inserts amazon sells 
, the adaptability to my various shoes is important . 
i would buy them again . 
i love this stuff ! 
i found a new favorite ! will definitely be buying more ! 
ok , i was a ped - egg promoter . 
i bought replacement blades 
what a difference ! ! 
i will never go back . 
and you get a very good pair of clippers and a nail file!bonus 
i ' ve been using this product on and off now for 2 weeks . 
i ' m not sure . 
my eyeballs have certainly not fallen out yet .    
i do n't see any real growth promotion after several weeks . 
i ' ve switched instead to rapidlash and found amazing results . 
i love this sunscreen ! 
it goes on smoothly with no greasy feel to it and it smells great ! 
it left my skin feeling soft and smooth instead of sticky . 
not at all like the other sunscreens i am used to . 
absolutely loved it ! ! 
it is a great color . 
i love opi . 
i am really glad i got this color . 
i highly recommend opi . 
out of all the opi colors i have bought this is my favorite ! ! 
our entire family suffers from dry skin in the winter . 
it goes on light and blends in easily . 
this stuff works great ! 
loving it ! 
i can not imagine this hair product lasting a long time . 
it did not lather and it smelled    
ugly   34   day after using it . 
i returned it and seller reimbursed me completely . 
it does n't make me break out ,   
i like to have my lotion and sunscreen combined in one 
and i was previous using olay complete all day moisturizer 15 spf 
but i found that using that leaves my skin very shiny glossy . 
i have naturally oily skin 
so i was looking for something that made my skin more matte . 
i realize that perhaps the best solution is putting on no lotion or sunscreen 
but that is n't an option for me.all that to say 
so this sunscreen is good 
but i will continue my search . 
this product feels good on my face ! 
the scent is n't overpowering . 
i use it once during the day , that 's about it . 
i just think it works for me as a nice face cream . 
of course , smack dab in the middle of my face . 
this is an awesome mascara ! 
i do n't notice much clumping often which is great . 
this mascara definitely is volumizing . 
besides being great concealer , i ' ve found so many uses for this . 
so i know they work well . 
so an all - around great purchase . 
only wish they came in bigger pots . 
these are decent sized but still would like more . 
it did n't matter to me however . 
i eventually lost the applicator and had to use a brush for a while . 
no big deal . 
it also does n't wipe off that easily after it does melt . 
i only wear it on my lower lid 
it could just be the hot weather getting to it though . 
this is where my search ends . 
i was so surprised . 
it cleans well without drying and has a light , pleasant scent . 
it seems to be a lot of product for the money . 
no , my skin did not look 20 years younger overnight . 
i feel my pores look better too . 
this concealer is amazing . 
though i am not dark skinned i can use it as a contour . 
i love the color choices and use a variety of the colors daily . 
the make is nice and creamy when you warm it up with your finger . 
it is super blendable 
it was fresh and clean , so i ordered the cleanser . 
it did not disappoint . 
it smelled so clean like vanilla and citrus . 
i love it . 
i will continue to buy sixthirteen as i find it to be the best . 
humidity is a sworn enemy . 
hands down . 
it only takes 2 swipes minimum to the do 
the job right the first time . 
with this iron , no reheating , only steady temp all the way . 
one is the smell . 
when heating , one does smell a vaguely burning smell from the plates . 
the smaller problems are easy to overlook in place of the benefits . 
worth it , so very worth it ! 
keep toenails smooth 
i have been using this product for a few weeks now . 
at first , i did n't think it did anything . 
it also depends on what products i use to wash and condition my hair . 
i use a curling iron frequently to try to add volume and bounce . 
the plunger sticks ! 
it 's been doing this for weeks now 
and i ' ve tried washing it and rinsing it out with no change . 
i just hope that the next bottle 's sprayer is n't the same . 
it was broken , and i was very upset about it . 
i did nt even get to use it ! ! ! 
i was really looking forward to using this and adding it to my kit 
this is really , really nice , i enjoy using it . 
thank you for the fast , efficient service . 
i appreciate it very much . 
i started using this because it 's what my hairdresser recommended . 
i think it smells lovely and does a great job on my hair ! 
it 's not very thick , works well ! 
i ' ve been using this for years . 
people say i do n't look my age . 
to me that 's the best recommendation . 
i got this product last week and have tried it twice . 
i was afraid i was getting some kind of adult onset acne or cysts . 
plus the large pores i am plagued with are looking tighter smaller already . 
this is the second brush i bought and it is fantastic ! 
great for my very short hair cut . 
my husband also loves it . 
gelish does not dissapoint . 
it 's my favorite gel brand . 
very springy and trendy . 
two coats show - up lovely . 
this sea foam color is one of my favs . 
the pictures looked more like little , plastic disk roses . 
otherwise , i am happy with them and can not wait to use them ! 
my hair is so silky when it dries and less frizzy . 
definitely a must have product and one of the best i have tried ! 
this lotion is great ! 
it has very little odor . 
it is an aloe type of smell . 
it kind of reminds me of the smell ofnickelodeon nsi 
greenfrom when i was a kid . 
our hands are dry , cracking and rough . 
i have used this for 2 days and noticed a huge improvement . 
i keep it next to the kitchen sink and apply after almost every wash . 
when my hands are this dry most lotions sting . 
i recommend this if you 're looking for something a cut above . 
i was not sure about this mineral powder but was pleasantly surprised . 
it has a very smooth texture but 
yet it has coverage , 
this eyeliner was exactly what i was looking for . 
the applicator is a long thin brush and the eyeliner stays put really well . 
i learned to put on makeup in the theater 
so i have an affinity for products that other people do n't , generally . 
this tactic steadies my hand 
so i get a nice smooth line . 
even if it 's only half gone . 
love these nail wheels ! 
great for swatching colors 
love them . 
goes on velvety smooth and has not irritated my sensitive skin . 
i really love the addition of the vitamin a and e oils ! 
looking forward to visible long term results from this powerful serum . 
it would be better if t had a mirror as well . 
but you can not beat the price . 
the consistency is n't as thick as i wished it were . 
i just wished the packaging were a bit nicer . 
excellent cologne . 
refreshing manly scent that smooths out the longer it 's on . 
it 's a favorite and would purchase again . 
this lamp fits two hands comfortably . 
it comes with 2 bulbs and a detachable power cord . 
it cures any uv gel . 
the price is worth it . 
it 's a high quality lamp . 
it does not have a timer 
so remove it before you put your tootsies in the lamp . 
but you have to be very careful applying it because it smears easily 
and it will stain you skin 
and it will be hard to remove.but 
the color is a very light pink . 
i would definitely recommend ! 
my skin looks like it glows ! 
after reading about the bare escentuals line , i finally gave in . 
i love this line . 
all of their products look so natural 
so i do n't feel like i am coating my face with makeup . 
i love how fresh this makes me feel ! 
and a little goes a long way ! 
my skin is very oily and i did not want any extra shine . 
i use this foundation with the bareminerals concealer and mineral veil . 
this product shows as a nude lipstick pencil . 
very disappointed . 
not the sellers fault . 
it 's similar putting on vasaline on your lips . 
i love the root lift spray ! 
it worked so well . 
it also had a great smell to it . 
great product ! 
the colors are wonderful . 
the palette came and nothing was broke ! ! 
i will definitely be ordering the cairo palette next . 
my dry skin soaks it up like a sponge ! 
i bought this for   5 , including shipping . 
it does a decent job with teasing 
i think you can not go wrong for this price . 
i read stellar reviews on makeupalley.com and wanted to try this mascara . 
i even encouraged a friend to make the purchase with me . 
my lashes are long and thick .. 
but they 're also super clumpy and sticky . 
i could n't separate them with a lash comb .. 
i ' m going back to lashblast 
i want to thank the seller for having this product available . 
after wearing this shade for 10 years , est eacute e lauder discontinued it . 
i also recieved it within 3 days of ordering . 
thank you for your prompt service . 
i got this to go with my collection of dermorganic products . 
i love the way it holds and it does not have a harsh odor 
this is a great nail too for regular nails . 
switching to orange wood sticks . 
i own this product and i love them .. 
i love this product but it was kind of sharp in the side 
so i had kind of paper cut or something 
but other than that 
i love the product 
i have extremly frizzy curly hair . 
so i used to spend   200.00 on japanese straightening since i was 14 ... 
did n't take me too long either . 
all i had to do was brush it out 
these are a lovely practical value . 
easy to use 
.. no loud smelling perfume stuff   yay ! . 
i try to avoid products that clash loudly with my perfume . 
would i buy it again ? 
it was worth getting up for a container for . 
good product at a fair price . 
wow , an under eye treatment that really works ! 
i ' ve used this for over a week , both day and night 
and i ' ve noticed a reduction in my under eye circles . 
wow is all i can say . 
it would be fantastic if it lasted more . 
and also i had slight wrinkles 
and they appear to be slightly fewer . 
it is good for your hair , but very hard to apply . 
the product is very dense and the smell is horrible . 
i prefer coconut oil from whole foods . 
i am a 49 year old male . 
this product seemed to be highly recommended . 
however , in the morning , the area around my mouth was still dry . 
i am taking this product back . 
i found the consistency to be dry and pasty on my lips . 
also the two colors do not mix well . 
it felt like clown makeup . 
i love my red angel nail plates ! 
they have so many designs you will not find on other brand 's plates . 
red angel rocks ! 
i used wig tupae tape to make it stay on my hair line . 
i also received a brown instead of black 
but i actually like the color 
so this mistake is ok this time . 
otherwise this wig is just about the same as any typical synthetic wig . 
be careful brushing this as well because it does shed quite a bit . 
it was all right , a nice silver glitter , small in size . 
gives a nice sparkle to any color . 
i have no complaints . 
e    aandpalmer 's cocoa butter formula with vitamin e lotion fragrance free . 
they are also friendlier to your budget . 
4 stars . 
i love to try different types of face masks . 
it is pretty messy to deal with which is kind of a pain . 
does just what you need it to do . 
21   or chanel inimitable intense mascara    38 . 
the price of these mascaras keep going up 
so i decided to give it a twirl . 
i did not like this mascara at all ! 
and i would recommend sticking to the original . 
mild vanilla smell , heavy moisure without feeling greasy . 
overall very good ! 
i can see this working great on feet as well . 
derma restore looks like it 's working for me . 
i love love love this oil ! 
clears my face pretty well when needed ! 
moisturizes it well 
too!will definitely buy more once i run out . 
treat acne problems . 
well it did nt really do either one of them for me . 
not impressed . 
i do n't understand why . 
i love that feature most . 
treat yourself at home ! 
i like the color , wish it was darker . 
rubble is probably the color for me . 
great service from this vendor . 
ads , but neither moisturizes enough by itself . 
i like the neutrogena ageless intensive products better . 
sad to say , it was a disappointment . 
it normally responds very easily to any curling iron . 
strangely enough , the remington was way too gentle for my hair . 
the goody iron took only 2 minutes to give me strong , definite curls . 
this added ingredient made my hair feel definitely softer but paradoxically harder to curl . 
so if you 're left - handed , it might feel awkward . 
not a whole lot to say about a sponge . 
ok listen , this is n't what many of us are used to .. 
your skin willingly will absorb this product and retain its effect ! 
i love it ! 
i ' m a buyer for life on this product and the dudu osun line 
since i shave me head i gave this to the wife to use . 
the wife liked this product for the reasons i just listed . 
i am a makeup addict . 
i buy pallets from dior to covergirl , i love my eyeshadows . 
the sleek brand is truly the best at its pricepoint . 
the colors are bold , and not chalky in my opinion . 
i can not imagine that it would provide enough moisture . 
who needs the added exposure to the sunscreen chemicals at night ? 
big mistake ! 
i need something that really covers the grey . 
99   of my acne was gone ! 
i had to buy the full size . 
this is an amazing lifesaver when it comes to acne . 
its just one less thing to worry about on the rollercoaster of adolescence . 
just feels like my own skin , new and improved . 
thank you , biore ! ! ! 
it does the job . 
however , many opaque white nail polish can do very similar job . 
i will recommend in other color . 
as a cult product , this moisturizer lives up to its hype . 
but for a drugstore product , i think this is well worth it . 
if you 're on a budget , this is a solid choice . 
but it does n't go well with my complexion lol . 
like i ' ve said before , i love all the nyx matte lipsticks . 
excellent product ! 
highly recommend to anyone requiring extra moisture in their hair . 
these bath sponges are the perfect texture for me and my boyfriend . 
i have sensitive skin and these do not hurt at all . 
this is your average bath sponge for cleaning your body . 
my favorite one so far . 
good for both males and females . 
it works well and we hope it continues to perform as well after time . 
arrived on time . 
this product deserves 5 stars!it curls 
my hair perfectly and you can set the temperature of heat 
that you want.it gives nice curls 
i have great skin and have been using pond 's products for decades . 
not much to say 
but it does the job . 
these glow pads are really great . 
they do clean off makeup and are good for my skin . 
i ' ve never been quite happy with my complexion . 
i tend to have oily skin with occasional dry patches . 
ives blemish    blackhead control apricot scrub , 6 oz . 
it 's not an actual brush with bristles . 
so it massages your skin , but it does n't scrub . 
was that a small amount of cleanser really went a long way . 
i got by with using probably half as much as i normally use . 
they do not have any backing on them which make them sharp . 
also they are not as wide as others have mentioned . 
they have fixed this in the second 25 piece set . 
and i am happy i purchased them.the company that sells these 
what polish you use . 
they have replaced two of the 25 piece set for me no questions asked . 
for that reason alone i encourage everyone to purchase both sets . 
so far the images i wanted to use have worked in the second set 
this stuff did not get rid of my acne or improve my scars . 
in fact , it exacerbated both ! 
what a total rip off . 
my favorite daily cleanser . 
a bit tricky to use at first , 
but i recommend you use them only on occasion    not everyday . 
they tend to fall of very easily . 
i ' m sure must just be a coincidence . 
this just is n't for me 
and i have discontinued using this product and can not really recommend it . 
i got this cream for my wife and here is her review 
i am always excited to try their new products . 
my face never got red . 
i never got sun burnt , so this was sufficient protection for me . 
i might need to use additional sunscreen during summer months . 
my face felt so wonderfully soft after using this cream . 
works really good as soon as its all the way dry 
i feel that my nails are instantly harder . 
other products often require two or even three pads . 
she has extremely sensitive eyes 
i ' m so excited to report that this stuff is really a miracle . 
thank you please do n't stop selling this . 
the price it 's pretty good . 
this product was recommended to me by my dermatologist . 
despite my extremely sensitive skin , it works wonderfully . 
i do highly recommend this product . 
i have horrible hair . 
pureology is definitely worth the investment . 
i definitely recommend this ! 
it was a nice brush though . 
see the commercials for this stuff all the time . 
i mean clinque is pricey , figured i paid for it , use it . 
but this product really did absolutely nothing for me ! 
way better than expected . 
i have expensive creams , i ' m in my 40s 
and this one delivered like you will not believe . 
i did a tca peel . 
my skin obviously started peeling and flaking . 
figured this is best time to put this cream . 
no thanks . 
one bump in the shower and the top fell off . 
i 'll stick to shaving at the sink . 
it works fine , but will not last for long . 
the eye    mighty eyelash curler is amazing . 
it 's easy to hold and does n't slip . 
it is a great quality 
my lashes curl beautifully using this lash curler with no pinching or pulling . 
i received this product complimentary but the opinion expressed is all mine . 
what a nice cleanser ! 
i love it . 
i plan on keeping this as my main cleanser from now on . 
it has helped me smooth out my skin in just a few weeks . 
i wear it just about every day . 
what more do i need to say ? 
great plates just like the last set i ordered . 
great etching and good pickup . 
some good images . 
great to add to any nail plate collection 
i was n't super impressed . 
goes on very smooth and feels great on the face . 
you do n't need a lot for it to work . 
it does n't have reaction with my other night creams too which is amazing . 
creams are n't laser face surgery they take time . 
this stuff really heats up . 
a little to hot for me . 
could not keep it on . 
i am sending them back . 
i love this nail polish . 
it lookers like you have spent a million dollars on your nails . 
turned out so cute ! 
i like them a lot . 
good for people like me with tiny hands . 
otherwise i 'd recommend to also buy tweezers ! 
but for me it did nt do anything . 
for some reason this one seems to lather up better than the harmony scent . 
rosewater.i received a sample of this product for reviewing purposes . 
this gel smells wonderful ! 
it also brightens your skin leaving it feeling soft . 
i have used this product for 2 months and love it ! 
will definitely purchase it again ! 
works great ! 
i reccommend two coats and if you want color , apply after . 
does n't seem to work well with gelish polish . 
overall 5 stars ! 
this is a miracle worker for me . 
i apply my make up afterwards and i am good to go . 
i ' ve used a spritz 
the next drawback is peeling the mask off ..... 
imagine taking off a water - proof band - aid from your arm ... 
but it 's your entire face .... 
you 'll be stripping hair and it 's pretty painful 
that 's how you can be sure you ' ve put enough on . 
now for the good stuff.not only it 's cool to have imported stuff 
but this is all natural , nothing to irritate the skin or dangerous chemicals   
i ' m confident that it really did feed my skin nicely . 
i had fun putting on the mask paste 
lolthe directions says to put it on after you wash your face 
spreads on easily and smells fantastic . 
i love to use a little bit of this on my hands . 
this is great for dry hands . 
when i first used this , i thought it was too thick 
but now i love this . 
i love this product and it will last you a very long time . 
you only need a little since you are just using it for your face . 
it was so smooth and you could n't even see my pores ! 
it reduced my pores so much ! 
i will definitely buy this product again ! 
i highly recommend it if you have enlarged pores or if you have scarring . 
it works very well . 
nice bright but not overpowering . 
nice color   not weird . 
applies easily with a brush and blends into surrounding makeup . 
buy it . 
this gell did nothing at all . 
i religiously put it on specific areas for weeks and nothing changed . 
do n't waste your time 
this is a great wig stand ! 
fits perfecti would recommend this to anyone looking for a budget stand for their wigs 
huge amount of stones with a large variety of colors and shapes . 
compliments every time i use them in a nailart design 
i love my brushes ! 
they work great ! 
exactly what i wanted ! 
i was so happy when i received my package ! 
i ' m a happy customer ! 
thank you ! 
my skin looks and feels better . 
i have very sensitive skin that dries out easily 
i would highly recommend it . 
edit 10 17 11   
this is a nice fragrance when you put it on . 
kind of plastic - like . 
i got the 1.7 ounce because i am trying to find my new signature fragrance 
it has not had time to really break down into any midtones yet 
but so far i am quite pleased 
and i keep sniffing my wrist . 
i recommend this if you like light , somewhat sweet , fruity fragrances . 
and this is far from bug spray , as one reviewer stated . 
i say get the small bottle and try it ! 
applicator is terrific at separating brows . 
however , i received 5 all in one color   
no big deal but not like the picture shows . 
they all were dried out i ' m guessing due to shipping distance . 
really hard to remove bottom to refill with polish remover , broke a nail 
but it can be done . 
all in all i mean for what i paid well 
whatever it 's ok but not worth it . 
use the money to get a crystal hair clip from them instead . 
i was looking for some mascara i could use without all the eye irritation . 
this mascara had some great reviews 
i was n't . 
i am absolutely thrilled with this . 
my eyes no longer itch . 
quite often i wear just this . 
still no irritation as long as this goes on first . 
i will never be caught without this . 
i recieved this as a christmas gift . 
i love it . 
this kit is a life saver . 
women know men expect us to always look fresh and well rested . 
can not have dark cicles and bags . 
this kit is a life saver . 
it works for the new mom who is a working mother too . 
shany cosmetics has the kits we need and we can afford them . 
i certainly recommend this kit to everyone . 
i recommend this to everyone . 
i am a woman , and i love axe products . 
i was eager to try this new scent . 
my hair is below my shoulders and very thick . 
i tried this straightener at my sisters and instantly fell in love . 
best part is .... 
i do n't have to re - straighten my hair during the day . 
23 i have spent on my hair for sure . 
and i love the results . 
the bottle is generously sized and only very mildly scented , cucumber 
this is one that will be a regular part of grandma 's shower kit . 
highly recommended . 
the wash leaves the skin soft and moisturized without leaving a filmy residue . 
this came super late and looks nothing like the picture . 
i actually originally thought they gave me the wrong color . 
plus no returns . 
the benefits of apricot kernel oil for your skin are many . 
i add it to body lotion and shake it up . 
after a shower it works . 
a little goes a long way . 
best used on hair textures 2a - c -and- 3a - c textures . 
good used on the ends of hair textures 4a - c . 
this little lite moisturizer works pretty good . 
i put it on my ends 
then i put an oil over it and it works well . 
this is my new end moisturizer . 
my husband wears hearing aids , and this is a life saver . 
his ears become irritatedand very itchy , and this saves the day . 
the product itself is great for my very sensitive skin . 
it takes off makeup and eyemakeup like nothing else can . 
it does job that is required . 
smaller than expected and came with big black scrape on side . 
serves its purpose . 
will last for many months.it 's fragrance free , and smooths on nicely . 
it soaks in without leaving a greasy feel , and i ' m impressed . 
other than that is a good curler 
after purchasing a different hyaluronic acid serum i realized how dilluted this brand was . 
probably the reason for the cheap price . 
suggest finding a brand that 's really ' pure ' . 
this is the best body wash i have ever used . 
i really like this primer . 
it does n't feel super heavy like other primers do   rather 
it has no strong smell , either , which is another plus .   
it does has great packaging ! 
this is such a great gift idea because it comes with everything it says ! 
i love it . 
she s going to loveeeeit ! 
this is the best value in a true moisturizer i ' ve ever found . 
i wish amazon carried more of this company 's products . 
so , i have been using this for about a few months now . 
so i decided to wait before waiting to post a review . 
so i use this every day as an under eye concealer . 
still looking for a dark circle serum that actually works . 
do n't be fooled by the dark color of the shampoo ! 
it does not foam dark- 
it lathers completely into a white foam 
and you need only a tiny bit of it . 
the shampoo and the conditioner both have a pleasant mild fresh scent- 
not overwhelming- just clean and nice . 
i love that it is a natural and cruelty free product . 
i recommend this . 
i had to use a nail file to smooth out the edge . 
it 's quick and easy and gives great results . 
once it dries , i 'll just wash it off . 
it cleanse out my pores a bit and leaves my skin soft . 
it comes white and very finely milled . 
and no sparkles . 
i ' m sold . 
decent smell , cheap price .... 
overall just ok . 
does n't last very long on skin , stays a little longer on clothing . 
has always been my favorite lotion . 
light , nongreasy , fragrance free , and long - lasting . 
i ' ve tried many brands but keep coming back to aveeno . 
great product at a great price . 
thought this would be a lot better than it actually is . 
nothing!it does n't burn or sting so guess that 's 
these makeup remover towelettes are great . 
they smell good and get your face really clean . 
i love them ! ! 
it was heavy and bulky ... 
the babyliss pro is a nice red color and very lightweight . 
very happy with my purchase 
and i feel as though i got a good deal ! 
i 'd give it 5 stars if it smelled better . 
i have 4b 4c tight coily curly hair . 
last time i tried was 7 months into transition . 
now i am 10 months in and have learned more about my hair . 
will come back with full results and review . 
my hair tangles very quickly once i let go of it after comb out . 
more later.ok....i slathered a lot of this product on 
so it took a very long time to dry . 
this defines very very well . 
i use small rods on my ends after twisting . 
the result is a beautifully defined twist out if your hair is completely dry . 
my hair is thick and curly .. 
this cuts frizz dramatically . 
giving product a 5 . 
retwisting tonight with a bit more gel 
so i will see how it looks on second day.11 
i will use this sparingly next time 
it 's lightweight , but very solid . 
they fit nicely , and the rack is full with about 96 bottles . 
plus , no holes in my walls ! 
one in the bathroom for makeup and hair spray , 
i need wall - mounted storage organization options . 
so keep up the good work ! 
my nose did lightly peel though which was strange . 
this product did not work for me ..     
shipping was prompt through amazon as usual - thank you so much ! ! 
definitely a keeper . 
best one ! 
this did exactly what it was supposed to . 
the results were perfect ! highly recommended ! 
my hair looks beautiful ! 
this scrub is amazing . 
forget the other wannabes and stick with this brand . 
my skin is so smooth after i use this . 
i keep it in my shower and exfoliate twice per week . 
when i first saw cotz pediatric , i wondered why they marketed for children . 
i mean , why not just make it gentle and hawk it to everyone?i 
we did not reapply it , but neither of us burned . 
in that way , it did its job . 
however , i did learn the answer to my question . 
i do n't like this because it 's oily and sticky . 
it 's a dirty hobby , but i was extra dirty . 
dirt and this sunscreen like each other . 
kids probably would n't know enough to complain . 
my daughter did n't , but ugh.the sunscreen is made from zinc oxide . 
this type of sunscreen is opaque . 
it has to be to form the physical barrier . 
we end up with white streaks all over . 
the lighting on this does absolutely nothing . 
this is the first lighted mirror i ' ve tried 
and i know it 's cheap , but i would n't even bother . 
i ended up giving this to my daughters to play with . 
my skin is extremely sensitive . 
it 's as if i was carved out of rice paper and hives . 
i broke out like a pubescent teen . 
and it actually has the monoi flower in it ! 
i feel very good about these eyelashes . 
they feel as secure as my own because they 're eco   eye ?   
and they are -- as promised -- natural looking . 
i think they would be about right for most . 
and i can try trimming them down a bit -- which i 'll do . 
they also felt a bit heavy 
there 's pros and cons to this variety . 
it leaves quite a bit of buildup if you 're not careful . 
but i do , 
and so i can tell you this the s9500 is a dream . 
know why ? 
and ... it made my lights flicker . 
weird , right ? 
but now that i know better , i thought you should , too ! 
it smudges soooo bad since it 's cream based . 
maybe it 's too creamy . 
this pallete includes some amazing colors . 
we both loved trying out all these colors . 
the price ia also very inexpensive 
so that just added to my positive feedback . 
i give this a 5star for sure . 
i love china glaze polishes anyways , some like it haute is no exception . 
spark is a gorgeous neutral hard to find shade . 
it 's more brown than taupe , but not too dark . 
a great every day polish . 
it is totally opaque in three coats . 
i love this polish and highly recommend it ! 
this brush is awesome ! 
it 's very gentle but effective at deep cleaning . 
i actually prefer this one over the sensitive clarosonic brush head . 
this is horrible . 
a waste of money if u ask me . 
i will never buy this again . 
this is not for a young person . 
this was such a bad buy 
my skin is definitely clearer and smoother than before i started using this roller.pain ? 
8217 s no pain . 
but the 0.5 head included with this roller causes no pain whatsoever . 
i highly recommend it.five stars ! 
it leaves your hair damp and pliable , ready for additional styling . 
it might come down to using the proper amount . 
these clippers are exactly what i wanted . 
stainless steel , designed for functionality and sharp . 
these clippers are very sharp . 
the nail is actually cut with these , rather than smashed . superb . 
get this while it 's still on sale ! 
i love mine ! 
this stuff sucks ! 
it peels almost as soon as it dries . 
water makes it peel even faster . 
the smell is too strong . 
it leaves a taste in the back of your throat that i know sounds weird 
but it does lol . 
it is n't as creaming as i had also hoped . 
i use them every day . 
it is a great oil control . 
must have ! 
excellent vitamin c serum . 
from the very first application i felt it working . 
i have felt increased elasticity and firmness in my skin . 
it also improved my uneven skin tones and brightened my skin . 
this is a really great product and i am really happy with it . 
i would recommend it to anyone looking for a great vitamin c serum . 
these work great . 
i mean i did nt have to buy the konad brand 
but i do like it and use it a lot 
i like that this acne product offers uv sun protection . 
goes on smooth and soft . 
does not dry out skin . 
but overall good for the price and got here 3 days early 
i thought i was ordering much bigger brushes . 
very disappointed when i recieved this product . 
i really love the ecotools products . 
this review is for hada labo tokyo replenishing hydrator   super hyaluronic acid . 
i just started using the hydrator and am thus far extremely impressed . 
however this product seems different and more than lives up to its claims . 
i was surprised to discover that it worked ! 
i ' m know 
i ' m so satisfied with this product that i sent the company 
a   thank you   email for bringing it to the us . 
great conditioning results for my hair that lasts long after the showering is over . 
i can not say that about every conditioner i ' ve spent money on . 
but this line does . 
for that reason , i will buy this again when i run out . 
should you use it that way instead . 
this cocoa butter is so rich and exquisite . 
it smells so chocolatey . 
i use it in a mix i made for both my hair and body . 
great quality product . 
i love this primer . 
it fills pores and leaves your face smooth and silky . 
it 's light and it does n't break your skin out . 
i thought the tape was too thick 
so i ordered different kind and plus it does n't stick very well . 
not too expensive . 
so i jumped at the chance to try this mod version by axe . 
feels like a mousse . 
only need a little . 
leaves my hair feeling surprisingly fresh and clean feeling . 
smells nice , but dissipates quickly , which is good . 
like it a lot . 
this would work great for shorter hairstyles   especially as an after workout refresher . 
impressed with axe 's new line of innovative men 's grooming products . 
especially fond of this waterless shampoo and theiraxe gravity defying dust messy look.happy !   
review of the conair sc117 infinit pro curling iron   
my wife wanted the conair   
you curl   tourmaline ceramic curling iron to curl her bangs . 
five stars without reservation for a beauty product . 
this product has a similar consistency to the urban decay primer potion . 
this works perfectly well . 
i was n't quite sure about this face cream considering the acid in it 
but it made my skin feel a new 
what 's with the price ? 
nice and simple hair shampoo . 
created a nice wash with just one application and scalp felt nice too afterwards . 
great job , we were thinking of switching shampoo and 
i sure like this one . 
minimum fragrance too , which is a plus for me . 
i am always looking for good hair products . 
i just do n't have great hair . 
i used to bleach it   
i have since gone to darker blonde   
so i had breakage and fly aways . 
redken , overall , is a brand i have yet to go wrong on . 
if you can justify the price in your budget , it 's worth it ! 
i have fine , straight hair and this did wonders ! 
this is a great little product to add in conditioner mixes . 
works very well especially on heat processed or color treated hair . 
be careful of using this product too often though . 
this is a great addition to any deep conditioner mixes 
next time i may use them on different days . 
i love this shampoo . 
i have colored hair . 
leaves my hair clean and soft , without needing conditioner . 
very pleased . 
unfortunately , my face broke out in a rash after i used it . 
at first i thought it was a fluke , and stopped using it . 
my skin usually is n't that sensitive . 
i will not be buying again . 
i do not , however , have wrinkles ... 
apparently i was wrong about how it works . 
that said , it did not do much for me . 
it 's very concentrated   a little bit will do a nice lather 
and in my personal situation , without dryness . 
the smell is really nice 
great stuff ! 
gently removes make up and smells delicious too . 
it is a little aromatherapy snuck into your routine . 
i enjoy it ! 
leaves skin clean but not dry . 
but i think this is all i 'd get . 
and i wonder if it is because the first ingredient is alcohol . 
i had bigger expectations 
but i think i will not be buying this product any time . 
as long as he uses this product the skin condition remains in remission . 
these emjoi golden blue work great . 
this is way better than cutting up a sock . 
i was very very surprised by how much i liked this sponge . 
i noticed the areas that usually are a little flakey were smooth . 
update 10 1 12 so many choices ! 
really do like these a lot . 
now i do my own and they look amazing ! 
all the colors matched perfectly . 
i recommend this to anyone . 
first off the smell is amazing ! as soon as i began using this product 
i fell in love with the smell ! 
works great it just takes practice to get the whole stamp on nicely . 
... love them . 
this is a great organic nail polish remover . 
i bought this on a whim and it really is my favorite . 
does n't dry my nails out or sting . 
take polish off fast ! 
there brushes what can i say , but they are not like this picture . 
since i received this product , my skin has never been happier . 
it 's soft and shine free , as the label promises . 
they worked very well . 
could that make a difference?so , with age comes wisdom -- and spider veins ! 
i really like this product . 
it makes my hair apear fuller and thicker . 
it also seems to help prolong the life of my hairstyle . 
i usually have to wash my hair every day since it gets oily fast . 
is the way it looks up - close on my scalp . 
not terrible but just kinda weird and slightly blotchy looking . 
it does n't turn me orange either like some lotions do . 
which makes it take twice as long to apply . 
i would suggest putting this lotion into another bottle before using . 
it 's a wonderful brush , and i will buy a couple more ! 
and it 's great at getting through tangles . 
its beautiful , at least for my taste . 
the    part of it is reasonable as well . 
they are rec by my hair stylist 
so i bought them as an after keratin treatment care 
but not impressive.i m 
now it 's the occasional bristle or two that will come out . 
get 's the job done regardless . 
and i still never get much product out . 
i ' ve had the clarisonic for about a month . 
i thought i would dislike it , but i do n't -- love it . 
it was   29.99 . 
i did n't use it though . 
i placed it on the charger for 24 hours per the directions . 
ago and my face is still smarting from the experience . 
your basically dragging a vibrating brush across your face for a minute . 
i will be returning this to tjmaxx tomorrow . 
i am in love with this eye cream . 
it blends well and works great . 
i should probably just see if they also offer a full face cream . 
works , but not as fast as everyone wrote . 
it sure is great though . 
if it was twice the price i would still buy it . 
really nice overall musk sweet w   a hit of cherry . 
i love sweet perfumes . 
this is a nice sweet , not a bubble gum kid sweet . 
i ' m in late 30 's , and i 'll wear this . 
you can be older and still smell delicious ! ! 
i wear scents for myself . 
not so other people can go ,    34 gee 
, she needs to smell more like an old lady .   
34   pfff.anyway 
experiencealong with the great shampoo that does not destroy my color in the process 
this is such an awesome flat iron ! ! 
it has a digital read out , and can heat up to 450 degrees . 
i normally keep mine much lower than that though at about 385 . 
the 4 year warranty is just awesome . especially because this is pretty pricey . 
anyway , i found my new favorite flat iron . 
highly recommend ! 
well built knife for the money great for everyday carry . 
easy to operate and has a nice feel . 
would recomend . 
this is the best reloading manual out there bar none ... 
you can look at hodgdon online along with others ... 
it is the best hunting manual out there- bar none.this 
you will not be disappointed on purchasing this manual . 
there are resources online and then books you want next to your reloading bench ... 
this is one of the books you want next to your reloading bench . 
i hate . 
it would be this one . 
this water bottle is the best water bottle i have ever had . 
i really like that shape and the size . 
it holds a good amount of water so it is not too heavy . 
the cover makes it easy to hold . 
i reccomend this product . 
i have only used it once since i got it . 
but in used condition it is hella sharp . 
it goes through nylon cordora like butter . 
i will buy benchmade cutters all day from now on . 
i purchased it for my m p 40 . 
absolutely great products for such a low price . highly recommended . 
after i was done i noticed that the pommel is missing . 
it just broke off as it was n't part of the tang 
but rather it was cheaply attached to the plastic handle . 
not very good . 
does not open good , really to big , but blade is very shape . 
blade has some wiggle in it probably will get loose 
it is what it is . 
good stuff , will keep your bow string in good condition . 
edge is okay 
, i do n't much care for it 's sheath though . 
i put it on my new 870 express bought this month . 
no problems with being in the way of the sling at all . 
so , it just sits flush with the gun . 
no crazy plastic thing always hanging off of it bolted down . 
or , do like some folks say , and wrap it around your wrist .. 
with this pup skys the limit ... 
put it on your dogs tail ... whatever works . 
it 's good , its cheap , it rocks 
i have this on a maverick 88 with an ati folding stock . 
it looks great on the gun , and holds the shells very securely . 
great buy for those of you who are proficient bike mechanics . 
but hey , it 's cheaper right ? 
sog clipped right into this guy perfectly . 
put mine on my 5.11 molle 72 hour pack . 
used pack straps to fully secure but its on there solid . fully recommend . 
would also work great on a belt . 
i love this water bottle . 
i got it to go with my nathan hand held carrier for my runs . 
this is excellent and keeps my water very cold . 
most of the time the ice has barely melted . 
it really keeps it cold which is really important to me . 
you just squeeze the bottle to get the water out . 
i really like this water bottle and would definitely recommend it . 
i plan to buy a couple more . 
this is my 2nd rule pump . 
the first one lasted about 6 years . 
i really like the freeze protected pump , 
i hope this one lasts at least as long as the last one . 
i just started sword collecting and thought the price was good . 
blades are n't bad and they sharpened well . 
with the blade not being long , it 's acceptable . 
i know i ' m not gon na get into any blade fights soon but 
in a pinch this can be a backup weapon . 
wish they made this in carbon steel . 
its all made of of plastic except the flashlight . 
nice product . came quickly . 
has a smooth zipper and good padding . 
the handle does not look very durable and it could be 2 inches wider . 
im going to put g10 on mine eventually though .. 
pocket clip is tight.very wicked sharp.good buy and a classic.must have for every knife collection 
black - enforcement - tactical - equipment - system dp b0042g1uw0 ref sr_1_7?ie utf8 
qid   1369505901 sr   8 - 7 keywords   tactical belt 
for under   15 , this little knife is pretty nice . 
would it be a nice knife if it cost   30 ? 
hm ... not as much . 
batteries at local battery store expensive . 
buy them on line . 
much cheaper . 
i want it in . 
this is my initial review of this scope and mount . 
so far i like the scope . 
after 10 - 15 shots the scope was moving back . 
i retightened and the same thing happened over and over again . 
i have just now reinstalled the scope and the new mount with scope stop . 
you may find out that you need to get a better mount also . 
the reticle is about perfect for me . 
you snap it on to a bucket . 
but it is on a bucket . 
pretty much destoy proof ... 
fancy words ... 
huh ... give the ole glock 20sf 21sf a cleaner look over all .... 
something a little different than the normal water bottle cage . 
it packed my survival camping medical stuff in very well . 
i do n't know how i would get around without this carry bag . 
the griddle weighs a ton . 
the griddle fits perfectly , easy to zip and carry . 
was i dissapointed . 
this is really better off used as a supplementary lock . 
get something larger if you intend to ride around an urban environment . 
its quiet and has such a smooth shift to it . 
i upgraded my 7 speed to an 8 speed and i love it . 
such a huge difference with just one extra gear . 
also these are the only aftermarket grips available for this model and this configuration . 
do n't think i 'll need to buy any more for quite a while ! 
fast delivery and real good shopping experience as usual 
3 pistols , plenty of ammo and other tools and ear muffs . 
this one is tiny . 
mag i have put in it . 
and they have all been very happy with it . 
also about half the price of buying it in the bike shop ! 
multicam has good colors . 
idk how much to write about a hat . 
the sections of cleaning rod are much thicker than standard cleaning rod . 
until then it does clean a .30 cal mosin nagant very well . 
this filter performed flawlessly , and i 'll never pump again ! 
works great use for reloading 
it works well and it looks really good on my builds . 
i have used this model three other times 
and it always puts a great finishing touch on your rifle . 
went with sizing off their website and it was perfect . 
it 's a good fit and i do n't feel my movement is restricted . 
this was one of those surprises that leave you just grinning . 
i expected this frame to be nice . 
now i can not wait to get out in the woods . 
sorry , these things should sell for .10 a piece . 
they are cheap , stamped metal and are not consistently made . 
you get the chargers as bonus for the cost of the ammo . 
easy to mount , low profile , and you can not beat the price . 
can adjust your holster or other items at any natural angle . arrived rather quickly 
do nt forget to make    buy a sheath . 
this was n't a flimsy product as i ' ve seen in stores . 
i will not have any broken eggs in my cooler.the price 
was less than i saw in the stores near me , too . 
first i have to comment that this product proudly proclaims made in usa . 
thank you , glow shot ! 
i have used locally purchased   splatter   targets   
cal nitro piston pellet air rifleand myumarex usa 2252267 browning 800 express .22 pistol . 
further , the price - per - target is low.the immediate feedback 
i get when i stray from center makes for quick correction . 
i also find them very useful when trying a new pellet type . 
i know immediately how i need to adjust my scope . 
wish more of of the things we use were made in the usa . 
not much to say . 
i love this stuff and amazon sell it for a great price . 
pleasantly surprised at the quality of this rifle case . 
plenty of pockets for extra magazines . 
the shoulder sling is a nice touch on a case for this low price . 
highly recomend ! 
you really need to set this up close to the face to avoid parallax . 
no complaint . 
the liner that comes with these shorts fits really well and is comfortable . 
i am big guy - 6'4   34 , 
i really like the shorts too 
lots of zippered pockets . 
works as advertised . 
for the price it is great . 
put it on an ar-15 and have no issues with it . 
for the price , it 's a helluva bargain . 
buy it .   
quality construction plus perfect size plus versatility . 
another reviewer commented that it was a bit snug for 3 inch shells . 
i did nt find that to be the case . 
i have some 3 inchers , and the rest are 2.75 inchers . 
zombies beware . 
i love my kershaws and this is no exception . 
great knife for a great price 
and you still get the excellent kershaw warranty . 
this is one bright monster light ! 
the very first reactions coming from my fiends were    
its so bright   34 
the set up was super easy and the biometrics is easy to use . 
that is a good safety feature to ensure the door is close . 
good safe for the price . 
it happened to ours in a couple of months . 
not expensive , works with a milspec buffer tube   as it should . 
expect it to function normally . 
its a cheap disposable lamp with some unidentified combustible for a fuel . 
just what i needed for the cheapest price i could find ! 
i needed these stakes for chicken wire i have wrapped around my corn . 
i own several different knives including many different versions of the kershaw leek . 
the g10 is very rough . 
it 's nice to hold on to in all weather conditions . 
for me the g10 material is to rough for an edc knife . 
great product . 
i compared these to a similar type pair of speedo goggles i normally use . 
however , a review in exchange for the review sample was not promised . 
we had three of these bottles , pretty sturdy . 
these are great no - spill bottles , easy to use and clean . 
nice bike for the price , but i updated alot of it . 
i put vuelta pista crankset on it . 
you will break it . 
that s a fact . 
protect your ' bloodflow ' and get a cutout seat . 
this double blade ninja sword set is nicely done . 
they are relatively heavy swords for their size and do come extremely sharp . 
care must be used when handling these . 
in fact , this is my second petzl tikka . 
she 's allowed . 
anyway , this is a great headlamp . 
again , simple , no - nonsense headlamp . 
small , but powerful lighting . 
takes the alaska cold without issue . 
so this pair is not in his collection . 
but for the cost ? 
and i have to replace like maybe 3 or 4 cables a year . 
these excel . 
these are super rad . 
great knife for the money   15.99 from the blade shop . 
great for every day carry . 
the only problem is the kick to open the blade is tight . 
i think for a kid 's first aeg airsoft it is not bad . 
my son was 15 when he got his . 
also function seems intermittent . 
it is hard to beat for the price . 
bought this to round out my garages weight set and training area . 
same product you wold use in any gym . 
arrived quick . 
this watch is a terrific heart rate monitor and pedometer . 
both functions work great for exercise and also for just regular wear . 
and the price is right ! 
we bought this for a recent 2-week trip to kenya . 
excellent product and highly recommended . 
ballistol is the best gun cleaner , hands down . 
i absolutely love using this stuff . 
it 's free of harsh chemicals , so its safe to breathe . 
nice riser , locks up nice and tight . 
will probably lock tight the threads with some light locktite to keep it snug . 
only giving it 4 stars because i have n't tested it yet . 
what a neat little product ! 
i really like how light they are and how easy they are to pack . 
i broke one in half and took a match to it 
and it seemed like it burned forever . 
they took a while to get to me 
but i was in no hurry . 
but the product over all is great . 
i recommend this to all traffic cyclists . 
that 's the good part . 
i finally got then snugged down enough to hold the scope 
i had to use some black sharpie ink to cover them . 
as far as amazon 's service and speed of delivery ... no problem . 
the laser on mine had issues . 
i guess the laser has to warm up ? 
help.it 's cheap 
, if you can , take your chances . 
this tool gives you the punches you need to help you with every gun . 
it is a must have to work on your weapons . 
happy with my purchase . 
thanks so much . 
when i need it for my bicycle its there . 
great , great , great , price . 
works as good as the 60   models for much less ... 
they did not bend in that situation , but they were doubled up . 
when i pulled them out they all had a slight bend to them.now 
i ' m still going to use them , they are not total junk . 
i only want to carry the minimum items i need 
no bending on 2 of the corners . 
about half way down i hit an obstruction , in other words a rock ! 
i pulled out the stakes and bent them up pretty good , real good . 
the value is unmatched , they are very inexpensive . 
for now , i ' m counting on them . 
purchased to wear with my vibram five fingers . 
they are so comfy and a great addition to the vff ! 
i even bought additional pairs to wear with regular shoes . 
my toes are loving them . 
nice idea , but it does n't work all that well . 
it is difficult to get it to fit snugly on my ar-15 . 
but too often the shells get past the opening and go elsewhere . 
i probably would not buy this again . 
i have 11-kershaw knives - but this is my favorite . 
easy to open with the flipper . 
the easiest to activate flipper of all my kershaw knives . 
the steel lock liner locks up good . 
i know nothing is going to slip and hurt 
me.then there is the blade   14c28n 
swedish stainless razor steel - very easy to sharpen to a scary sharp edge . 
super easy to resharpen and holds the edge well . 
the pocket clip is small    black . 
the small clip would suggest it is a very small knife . 
these socks do n't feel restrictive at all . 
anyway i read other reviews and the advice given inadvertently or otherwise   the verdict 
was that i learned from my purchase 
i am almost completely satisfied with this product . 
i have   ' some ' concerns about the durability right now . 
i 'll definitely buy at least one more pair . 
these are great , really   but are they going to last ? 
i can not comment on that for sure yet . 
they do n't look to me like they 're going to . 
i hope i ' m wrong . 
34 soak up   34   some of the break down dust . 
helps the media to last longer . 
the vender did right by me and did not misrepresent this product . 
i give the vender five stars.i have several actual made by sig sauer products . 
i am very pleased with each of them . 
it shears off because of the recoil . 
this product has a design gap ! 
it will not slide down onto your belt . 
, this holster fits my sig sauer sp2022 perfectly ! ! ! ! ! 
it holds my sp2022 solid . 
the catch release button is placed perfectly for your index finger . 
the other lists 55   34 , which is what it is at most . 
the zipper goes down one side and across the bottom . 
so , i decided to find a lantern that ran on aa batteries . 
i did some research and decided to get this sylvania lantern . 
i bought a few of them to place in different rooms throughout the house . 
this led lantern is a great little lantern to have in an emergency . 
i highly recommend this set . 
it 's simple , convenient , and super easy to maintain . 
i.e. a few cleanings ? . 
i highly recommend looking for bulk quantities of a similar degreaser   esp . 
citrus   at your local supermarket or hardware store . 
this is a decent watch for the price . 
the bezel turned easily   120 click bezel   and seemed pretty solid . 
it kept accurate time . 
the workouts are more fun than the previous ones   
i hated the shape of the head in the original game . 
, it 's often hard to re - gain that rhythm . 
this ' game ' is even better than the previous one 
i ' m excited to see what this next month of training will do 
i do a lot of king cobra weave 
so i only made 3 but i am definitely going to order more paracord . 
no leakage or anything like that . 
good , useful product . 
very pleased with the pellet performance . 
punches clean holes and i am shooting very nice groups at 10 meters . 
the pellets   sample of 10   all weigh within .2 
gr of one another . 
easier to load than the pointed pellets as well . 
very pleased . 
other reviewers said theirs were marked up . 
i ' ve been throwing dice against it , and it works great . 
for its basics , it does what it 's supposed to do ... 
and i have to remember where i was   
it holds it 's edge 
it 's a heck of tool for about   30 . 
the leather sheath is thick , sturdy and the leather is very nice . 
myself.i ' m taking another tree down in the backyard this upcoming weekend 
fit right on my wasr 10 romanian ak-47 , 
quality is good , optics fit perfect and centered . 
side rail is nice for mounting a light or laser if you choose . 
my dog loved his agility class . 
the screw is not long enough to connect the pieces together . 
the one from mirrycle is great 
i sleep like a baby , warm and toasty . 
also great if you are stranded and need to be spot from an aircraft . 
you ca nt beat the price and looks this shirt has . 
it fits great and is made very well . 
nothing cheep about this shirt , built tough ! ! 
product is as described . 
but it looks like every other paracord product i ve seen owned . 
would def purchase more from seller if needed . 
evactly what i was looking for to mount on my 870 police magnum . 
well constructed and installs easily . 
pretty self explainatory on the installation . 
my bsa red dot is mounted and ready for the range . 
this is a great product . 
it 's very easy to cock . 
nice to be part of history too . 
the movie was just ok imo 
a brush with fame i suppose.not high powered ... 
max target range is about 10 yards.very cool gun ! 
the instructions are n't perfectly clear but i should have known better . 
i finally had my ' ah ha ! ' moment 
and then it worked like a breeze for my 9 mm taurus 24 7 . 
this knife is good for the   7 i paid . 
the knife is n't to sharp . 
but for 7 bucks it is n't bad . 
excellent product . 
good length , has heft , and easy to use . 
would highly recommend . 
this thing is big and the plastic is thick heavy high quality plastic . 
the bristles are plastic as well 
but they are thick not too thick and are stiff . 
were you screw in the collars 
i ' ve gotten metal splinters in my hands 
so i wear gloves every time . 
would definitely buy again . 
i 'll add my two cents on the size issue first . 
i 'd buy them again . 
i ' m a fairly lean guy at 5'10   34   165 lbs . 
and about 10   body fat 
so nothing seems fit me 
well when it comes to mag pouches and holsters . 
and this thing is plastic . 
i usually like the look and feel of leather 
this carrier is easily installed and securely holds 6 shells . 
the first time i loaded the carrier the shells were somewhat difficult to insert . 
so i would n't have to pull the trigger group pins more than once . 
bought this to use when i go to the range . 
i do , though , and it is adjustable . 
love the adjustable interior as well . 
excellent ! ! ! 
as an appleseed instructor , i spend a lot of time working a sling . 
the swivels tend to be the weak link in the system . 
these are solid . 
i ' ve been using this on some 5.56 used military brass . 
it 's portable nature mixed with economy . 
i have had no problems with this uniformer so far . 
it is a hardened bit with a titanium nitride coating . 
you only have to do this to your brass 1 time and that 's it.to 
and here 's and enxtra note . 
i 'll be using my water straw for most of my liquid requirements . 
i intend to carry more than one bottle . 
i like the 30 caliber size for taking to the range . 
just good storage - dry and locked safe with kids in the house . 
bottom line , these suck . 
they did not fit at all and shotgun would not lock and fire . 
the rim is just too fat to let the gun cycle properly . 
hope you got a belt sander , lol ! ! 
i am a pellet rifle shooter with over 22 years of experience . 
many people are confused about why the guns are so inaccurate . 
the problem is not the scope or the gun . 
there is a cardinal rule that applies to all rifle shooting . 
you could never do that in real life . 
i bought an rws diana 1.77 pellet rifle in 1990 . 
they fit me perfect and were brand new . 
i say again , the scope is not the problem . 
fixed sights are mounted to the barrel and so they do not move . 
why any company would design a pellet gun without iron sights is insane . 
but that is just me . 
this mat is so large , yet so light ! 
it is made from polymer threads , so it will not soak with water . 
this is one heavy duty , well made case . 
built like a rock and priced to move . 
utg does an excellent jobwith its products . 
son needed a holder for the katana he got for christmas . 
it is not fancy but does the job 
and you can not go wrong with the price . 
i am very happy with this product . 
i shaved an inch at a time and 280 mm was no go . 
why does this not ship with the rubber foot . 
i 'll be pulling out the dremel again to shave some rubber this time.update 2 
how can you tell i ' m not a bike mechanic . 
i have to use two of them at a time for my ar-15 . 
i have an excellent sleeping bag , good to 15 degrees . 
i would have been cold without it . 
i now include it as a staple with my sleeping survival system . 
it fits my 12 guage benelli shotgun no problem . 
i ' m looking to do triathlons this year 
they just feel better put together than the speedo goggles . 
the strap is stronger and the sides are much easier to adjust . 
the lenses are bigger and fit much better around my eyes . 
do n't risk tighting your broadhead with your fingers . 
you ca nt go wrong with safty items . 
wish the bottle was a little slimmer like hs 
it works but with limitation . 
it returns to zero along with the spring . 
very easy to set up . 
do n't recommend storing food like breads etc . 
in it unless the table is in an enclosed area . 
the squirrels ate through a plastic bin that had breads in it . 
glad it was the bin and not my amazing sherpa camp 
the thule chariot double stroller is perfect for both conditions   population and athleticism . 
, this is a great machine for the athletic - minded parent . 
does what it is supposed to . 
they tightened down with no issues and a must for any new flash suppressor . 
this spacer is very hard to find in bike shops and on websites . 
great quality . 
a dremel tool is perfect for this type of grinding . 
it 's a good value . 
it was rubbing on the pin above it . 
i had to sand it down to make it work . 
it still rubs on the pin above it , but now it releases . 
this was installed on a ruger 10 22 takedown . 
what more could you ask ? 
this has been very nice . 
i like using it because i heard you get better accuracy when you do . 
it is really simple to set up and use . 
that is not a problem with the rope cocking device . 
it really does make it that much easier to cock the crossbow . 
i would buy another one if this one ever fails . 
but it seems to be very durable 
and i imagine i will not ever wear out . 
i found this unit easy on batteries and easy to setup . 
photos were of sufficient quality . 
i ' m not sure how long the batteries would last - 
no game seems to be startled or aware of the camera . 
it does n't have any locks , either to the car or for the bikes 
but i just use a cable through the hitch and through the bikes . 
highly recommend this rack . 
good deal . 
we 'll built . 
easy and fast to get on with strong straps , fabrics , and snaps . 
nice duty and quality retention bands for m4 mags . 
great buy for the money and in general . 
great for paintballing , observing nature and 
rothco makes great products . 
amazon shipped a replacement to me the next day . 
this is a very thick mat . 
great quality and arrived quickly . 
thick enough for my achy bones to do my pilates routine . 
i looked over reviews on many mats and settled on this one . 
no regrets . 
the emergency is the basic steripen model with a red color scheme . 
some of the models also have lcd readouts . 
in addition to bacteria and protozoa . 
the water must be agitated or stirred while the uv is working . 
it can only effectively treat up to one liter at a time . 
the unit may be damaged if dropped . 
uv may not be effective against parasites . 
if your light is even 1.01 it probably will not work with this . 
otherwise , seems of acceptable quality . 
better than i expected , worth the money . 
i love the size of this hammock all packed up and in the backpack . 
i highly recommend this hammock to everyone ! 
i found it ! 
i   8217 ve had this pouch for 2 months and really like it . 
this carrying case being too bulky . 
this is a great buy at a great price ! 
i use this for my non - carry . 
i 'll just have to use my biometric safe for my home defense gun . 
do you need toe socks ? 
this is the brand for you . 
everything is as advertised . 
recommended for anyone with feet . 
i have several holsters . 
bought this one to try out . 
great option for many circumstances . 
guess that 's good motivation to lose some weight . 
what this holster has over others , is the option of carrying clips mags . 
it felt great and did n't print much . 
and i never felt more secure being outdoors . 
and if still not , hey , it 's 25.00   no worries.one 
and they take up room and are awkward . 
they would be fine in my carson 80 . 
i have been wearing these hiking socks for years . 
it 's true . 
hey , that sock was my best pair !   
seriously , i ' ve never found any socks i like better . 
for regular hiking , i do n't bother . 
i purchased this for my rifle , and am glad i did . 
great product and the laser can be seen from quite a distance . 
this is a really nice product . 
they also seem less messy than homemade cotton wool    vaseline fire starters . 
i bought this for a friend who needed a home - defense weapon . 
it came fairly sharp right out of the sheath . 
with a little attention , it became exceedingly sharp . 
this product is one of the best item that ergo made ! 
it fits pretty well with all my other fde products from magpul . 
self awareness is the first step towards healthy changes ! ! ! ! 
very reasonably priced knife . 
the ease of one - handed operation   opening   is a huge plus . 
i would recommend this product to a friend . 
it provides a nice wind barrier on chilly mornings 
and i 'll definitely be seen while wearing it . 
sizing runs small . 
buckle is not very cooperative . 
looks different than the picture . 
to much money was spent mailing considering the overall cost . 
i can also re - install the holster very easily without removing my belt . 
the belt clip has always worked very well for me with an appropriate belt . 
i have no problem in recommending this holster to fellow ccw permit holders . 
this is an awesome case . 
it fits 2 pistols well and might even fit 3 smaller ones . 
it was delivered very quickly . 
i highly recommend this case . 
i could put 4 or 5 squirrels in this thing . 
its huge . 
not what i was expecting but i m happy with it . 
i recommend this item to anyone looking to add some height to anything . 
kind of like adding an addition on your house , more room ! ! 
i have many of the alpine products and all perform as advertised . 
when i pack it i simply flip it on top of the nesting pots . 
i put this hogue grip on my springfield xd9 . 
it fits so good and make it a whole new gun . 
worth every penny ! 
the pull works quiet well on the .311 bullets 
i ' m pulling form surplus 7.62x54r rounds . 
i pulled 100 bullets and only stuck 5 bullets.once 
you stuck a bullet in the die 
so that i can keep them separate . 
otherwise outstanding and looks great on my m p15 . 
comfortable and lightweight . 
camera worked fairly well for about a year . 
that is when the electronics went haywire and it is now a brick . 
but there was no fix to be had and 
serveral folks also indicated no response from primos . 
crappy customer support and a shotty product . 
do n't waste your money on this camera . 
very supprised . 
the vest was better than i expected . 
fully adjustable , lots of amo pockets.only negitive would be the zipper . 
quick shipping . 
very pleased with amazon.islandbob 
i was unsure a new freewheel was needed to correct my slipping high gear . 
well this is just what i needed . 
i know for under   15.00 
the quality may be suspect 
but i use this old 1987 nishiki road bike for easy cruising around 
and i am sure it will hold up fine for me . 
bottom line   
it is a good product and works extremely well for me . 
i purchased this axe for a 9 week long bushcrafting school in northern maine . 
it is a permanent part of my pack . 
had the stuff they said it would . 
darn nice bag with backpack straps or tie on 
yer bob . 
we did order isrelai bandages , auickclot , more asptic wipss an additional gloves . 
hss first aid book in it also 
and it was ok,4 . 
i opened the box to find a compact pillow - shaped object . 
purchased these for our family . 
we all do winter riding under a gray sky and snowy streets . 
wanted to make sure clueless drivers would see us ... 
drill a couple of holes and you are done . 
everything except the drill and the screwdriver is included . 
be careful where you put them . 
sit in your kayak first and watch how your paddle goes by the cockpit . 
make sure that you do n't put them somewhere you will snag on . 
also consider how you store the boat , also . 
i purchased this for my pest control air rifle , crosman phantom 1000x . 
superb product that is very simple to use and extremely sturdy . 
lightweight and extends and folds up quite quickly . 
this worked great on my 870 and is real easy to install . 
you just need a way to secure the gun while you drill into the stock 
pros   small size is easy for pocket carry .    
exceptional quality construction .    
bottle opener capability.cons   bottle opener not the best .    
both knives are nearly identical in size and actually use the same sheath . 
just decide if you prefer this one or the bk-14 . 
decent cheap chinese acog knockoff . 
it holds a zero well and the attach lever stays put pretty well . 
the reticle lines are a little thicker than i like . 
the colored reticle lights up a little bright . 
i 'll see how it ends up turning out on my mtn bike . 
like the mesh bottom . 
this is not a set of two baskets , just one . 
it 's for one side only , can be either side . 
keep away from even small embers . 
this is my tent 
now you can only save one ... with up to 50 laps . 
and not from anything too rough . 
a price to pay for such a unique look.recommended ? 
in the end , no , i regret buying this watch . 
that took all of 20 minutes and was a remarkable product . 
very easy to apply and quick to dry . 
the tent was 100   completely dry- 
no leaks , no drips , completely dry . 
that will make your job much cleaner 
.... note   
you will not regret it . 
for a long range shooter , this brilliant invention is indispensable . 
on occasion i 'll find some nice champion c9 running shirts at target . 
the fit is nike like in the way it sits on the waist . 
almost like a slight taper 
not much to say about web belts . 
the 223 5.56   
it was   borrowing   the utg . 
i have to resort to usinga set of earplugs in conjunction with these muffs . 
very disappointing . 
the knife arrived packaged and protected well . 
the purchasing and shipping were both easy and expediant . 
i have no complaints from amazon with this transaction at all . 
now to the knife ! 
i also had the stipulation that it could n't break the bank . 
the blade is easy to deploy despite the absence of a thumb stud . 
the blade comes razor sharp . 
it is very stiff 
but it will hold the knife in your pocket without any problems . 
these are great knives that hold up well with wear and tear . 
cheap price , sog automatic assist opens blade quick and retains sharp edge . 
i also believe it has a lifetime warranty . 
sog is a great brand of knifes . 
works very well 
i bought this for my son at the same time 
i bought him some new bearings . 
i use this primarily on .223 and .204 brass since they normally need trimmed . 
i used to use my calipers and it took forever . 
the quality in this product is , non existent . 
stay away from it.the reticles are fuzzy and the poi shifts easily . 
i will not buy these again . 
best oil i have found since t - lube went out of business . 
one thing i have noticed is smoother action on my semi automatic slide . 
worth the buy . 
well worth the money . 
great product keep up the good work.tyvm randy 
this knife is not full tang as advertised . 
it 's a 3 4 tang . 
the knife is very durable and built well . 
the steel is alright . holds a good edge . 
i ' ve used this knife for everything from battoning to chopping . 
it works well . 
good buy . 
recommended for anyone looking for a durable well made knife for a cheap price . 
the s w speedloader is built out of metal and plastic 
it worked well the first time i used it . 
i purchased 2 of the devices and both of them worked well 
the lanyard fits nicely to secure the vault to another object . 
the only objection would to have better instructions in setting the locking code . 
i found it awkward , but once set it works just fine . 
d me as a civilian . 
i know , sounds funny , but it 's true . 
installs with a bit of work and is nice and stable . 
fit 's my orange    34 civilian   34   name tape   
1x5   and a us flag patch . 
patches stayed on , molle fastners held up , no loose threads . 
i have n't used them on a tire yet 
i 'll update if any of them malfunction when changing a tire . 
the rear site would not lay down for me at all . 
and - if i remember correctly - these were labeled as magpul sites . 
reflectors seem diificult to find . 
this set works , although it 's on the thick and chunky side . 
i would have preferred a lower profile one . 
the only problem i ve found is the size . 
at the top of the screen , the dia is 2.5   34 . 
just as good as retail stores for 1 4 the price and free 
but!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you have to grind the hole 
10 minutes of grinding ! 
these socks are durable and they fit well . 
they are exactly what i was looking for in crew work socks . 
i received my mattress today and was super excited to test it out . 
upon opening the package i was shocked at how small and light it was . 
i blew it up using just one breath and lied down on it . 
it barley reached the outsides of my armpits . 
would be perfect if i did n't have any arms . 
so far very pleased with it . 
had it about 2 weeks 
and i feel good when i get off of it . 
do n't panic and you 'll figure it out . 
alright let me start with the fact that this is not a heavy blade . 
this blade is 5 16 of an inch thick . 
it 's kinda hard to sharpen with a stone 
so i have to use a ceramic rod . 
love it ! 
this jump rope works well . 
being adjustable is great and it is definitely a speed rope . 
better be in good shape to keep it going 
no complaints . 
i highly recommend this disc . 
jim in ohio 
it is the same thing . 
so yes , i too got mine in a semi - destroyed box . 
i do n't recall how the chains came . 
are a little too small . 
i ' m sure weight - wise 
they 're fine 
but they 're just too small . 
it 's hard to explain 
that 80 lbs swinging around needs more than 150lbs holding it down for sure . 
that are at all of the key points . 
but it 's just -pefect- for me . 
the top section i would never hit because it jerks my rack around . 
i ' m sure it 'll be fine some day.oh yea bottom line . 
you need to buy some serious , serious gloves for this thing . 
do n't think like , 
heat    friction    moisture    not good for your knuckles . 
do n't be like me . 
try punching it for 10 min , kicking it for 5 min , or something.anyway 
i hope this helps . 
i think that 's everything . 
i really enjoy this bag.talk to ya 'll later ! 
these are quite effective . 
they fit a wide range of head shapes comfortably . 
blast away all day with no ill effects ! 
before i ordered this case , i just brought shells in the cardboard box 
they came in , sometimes with annoying results . 
with a big box of remington shells , a friend 
i love magpul products , and these do n't disappoint . 
the color is a perfect match to the photo . 
at first i was hesitant about purchasing an aero helmet . 
how does it feel ? 
how well does it fit ? 
very comfortable . 
easy to get on and off after a little practice . 
sun glasses fit well with the helmet on . 
makes those knives sharp again ! comes with instructions . 
i had a dull flip open knife and needed to sharpen it . 
i even used it to sharpen one of my komachi straight edge kitchen knife . 
i do nt know if i was supposed or it was safe 
but it made it sharp again . 
i m not a big knife person 
but i think this is the only kit you need . 
my zero tolerance tiger stripe blade knife is great looking . 
the speedsafe manual assist works great for easy one - handed opening . 
this is the 2nd zero tolerance knife that i have 
and i really like them both . 
very well made knife and they are made in the usa . 
one thing for caution if you do order these 
this device seems to work your arms and shoulders more than the abdominal muscles . 
it 's similar to doing push ups for building your arms . 
i have only had it one day so far but 
in that time 
and i are using it to workout during the inclimate weather we have . 
the unit came packaged 
it had a hole in the carton 
but everything seems ok   
and the shipper delivered it to my garage . 
this annoys me . 
so back to the old reliable kickstand for me    
so i decided to try this kickstand . 
but , then i would actually have to visit those places . 
and it works great . 
i have it at the lowest setting 
so i do n't know how reliable that is . 
i ' m just happy that the kickstand works for a 20 inch bike ! 
this net is a nice idea but misses the mark a bit . 
it is pretty flimsy and does not like to sit up straight . 
also , any little bit of wind will blow it over . 
it does what it is supposed to do , and it does it well . 
so do n't let the ninjas keep you from buying a great bush hacker . 
it washes out great , and returns to shape , no problems . 
i love this stainless water bottle . 
the bottle does not sweat either . 
five dollars at walmart . 
before i start , yes there is a better   5 headlight . 
one 5 mm led puts out 8 lumens of white light . 
so it 's closer to where your eyes will be looking . 
it 's not tilt - able like most headlights   
it just rests against your forehead . 
the switch is on the front . 
one mode   push to turn on , push to turn off . 
do n't expect long runtime or high output . 
it 's a back - up to my back - up . 
my sog has been setting , because i can not put this knife down . 
i love it ! 
but i do n't use it anyways 
the mounting bottom is metal and it is easy to attach to a weaver rail.material 
it does hold a bottle or 20 oz.cup well . 
i have seen some reviews that state that this is a heavy light . 
that is 9 grams difference , about 1 3 oz . 
i think it just   feels   heavier because of its shape . 
the light is very powerful , and i love the red and green lights . 
easy to switch while wearing it , no fumbling around . 
still comfortable after 10 minutes , 
and i get headaches easily . 
effective for what i use it for . 
yeah , this is one badass knife . 
razor sharp , beautifully designed , well constructed . 
that is something i had not expected . 
i guess it is designed to be a pocket clip not a belt clip . 
but they do send two clips , one for left or right hand use.edit   
still , a pretty darn nice piece of steel . 
guess i 'll keep it . 
this is a decent blade that i carry on me for its light weight . 
but for its cost i did n't expect much . 
the safety gets annoying 
but i just stuffed some tissue paper 
so that i do n't get stopped from opening the blade from the safety . 
decent blade for around the city stuff . 
this is a good pump for inflating a tube in an emergency . 
what you gain with this pump is extreme portability and light weight . 
it 's quick , and almost effortless . 
it is not , however , lightweight or portable . 
and that 's the way things are ... 
you will also hope you never need to use it again . 
acceptable for the price . 
nevertheless it was a great price and worth the money . 
the gaiters are easy to put on and fit well . 
have n't got to try them in the woods yet 
but i feel sure they will work good when i do . 
these fit perfectly and felt real good . 
this does exactly what i want it to do . 
it has a strong laser and is durable . 
the only drawback is turning it off   
you have to unscrew the battery cover and take the batteries out . 
i have this grip mounted on my saiga 12 gauge . 
it really takes a licking and keeps on ticking . 
while it is heavy compared to most foregrips i ' ve used 
i find it to be a no - problem trade off . 
i 'll take heavy quality over cheap lightness any day . 
-and this is why i deduct 1 star . 
not a single issue ! 
got a multi - laser for that now . 
this is thin , but sturdy enough . 
if it was more sturdy , it would not be so compact . 
this goes in my car for an emergency . 
i would definately purchase again . 
great fit ... 
a medium fits me perfectly ... 
i ' m 5'11 '' 178lbs and have some definition i 'd say ..... 
overall great affordable shirt   - 
i wonder how long it will hold up without developing a crack or leak . 
when full i imagine the seams are stressed . 
these fit well 
they got the size right on this one . 
it is just right for a cargo pants pocket or a jeans pocket . 
it is durable and looks great too . 
i found everything in the box as expected . 
i shot it once . 
i hoped this would work with 30 round ak-74 magazines . 
they fit perfectly . 
if you need a rig to carry six ak-74 mags , try this out . 
i am very satisfied . 
the zipper is only half length witch is perfectly fin with me . 
for the price its a really good buy . 
i use this for night riding . 
the red light is highly visible . 
the flashing white light makes me more visible to oncoming traffic . 
i purchased this knife for a combination bug out bag and utility purpose . 
the weight of the blade is perfect for chopping . 
now i just need more opportunities to need to chop and cut stuff ! 
this is a very good boresighter . 
the laser is properly calibrated and bright . 
the on off button is a big plus . 
this review is for the compression elite tights . 
tights are great for cardio , kettlebells , boxing , cross fit ... 
you name it . 
they allow enough movement without being restrictive . 
i started using these to help improve performance and endurance during strenuous workouts . 
they are not tight enough for that purpose . 
you should buy this item one size larger than you usually wear . 
my fist order was too small . 
i reordered one size larger and it is a better fit . 
i mean you probably are on the thin side . 
the jersey is nice looking , and the back pockets may come in handy . 
great tool , no faults and highly useful . 
quite versatile with more things that i need than do n't . 
not so easy to put together . 
i could see how it was supposed to go together but 
not at all cheap feeling . 
that is a really nice 
keep you from constantly readjusting your reloading dies . 
deff recomend .... 
finally i decided to try some quality stuff , in a small package . 
otis rules . 
i wasted money on the other products . 
cleaning my guns was easy and had a fantastic outcome . 
the answer is here ! 
it nearly cuts my reload time in half ! 
if you do not have one , buy 10 . 
enough said . 
this long sleeve jersey is great when it is cooler . 
i probably wear this from about 50 to 80 degree f outside . 
still the quest represents a good value . 
fitment is perfect for me . 
6'0 , 185 lb and large size fits perfect . 
i wish the zipper went all the say down 
but it still is a great jersey . 
harris is known the world over for their excellence in the bipod business . 
it took me a few minutes to figure out how to attach this thing . 
just remember that you do n't have to unscrew anything to make it work . 
for the price you ca nt beat it . 
i had a lot of trouble setting zero . 
had to do range testing 3 times to set up properly . 
could not get a good focus on higher magnification . 
-4x ok but higher was a problem . 
thinking about returning unit . 
not really satisfied as i have been with other bsa scopes . 
would not buy again . 
warranty on box says lifetime actual warranty is one year . 
downgraded 1 star . 
was delighted to get them . 
this jersey fits as expected . 
it was comfortable as i rode and i could n't be more happy . 
plan to get some more . 
i had one of the rothco net style hammocks in the past . 
this hammock actually packs down small due to the spreader bars telescoping down . 
good product . 
seller did a fine job getting it to me and price was pretty good . 
magpul products are usually superior . 
the polymers can be matched with other magpul products for your own build . 
with these you do n't have to bother with the fuss . 
i was pleasantly surprised . 
looks very nice and very stable . 
used the tooluxe 36x60 net to hold it all down . 
this carrier did the job and did it well without one issue . 
really nice bipod . 
switch it from my 308 and 22 . 
i would order another one but would get it longer . 
only a barrel cleaner and oil . 
this is very heavy and sturdy . 
will last a lifetime ! 
i highly recommend this for target practice indoors or outdoors . 
still , can not beat the price and quality mix . 
if you get a vest , it has a detachable belt at the bottom ... 
you will not need this one to go with it . 
i am returning one medium , and reordering large . 
i bought this with the revivex synthetic fabric cleaner . 
i followed the instructions and am very pleased with the outcome . 
i wore my treated jacket last night for the first time in the rain . 
not sure how long it will last 
but i have enough left to treat two jackets at least two more times . 
picked up a couple of used 25 lb weights at a garage sale . 
took it to the range and shot for 5 hours with various rifles . 
works like a charm . 
these are just what i wanted . 
even though they are plastic , they preform well . 
lightweight plastic means they also travel well . 
good buy . 
good knife for little money . 
it actually took me a few minutes to figure out how to close it . 
i ' m laughing about that now though . 
i had hoped that i would adjust to it 
but that is n't the case . 
i really like this tarp for my hammock . 
item is as described in the description . 
i would recommend to others . 
works very well with my daniel defense m4 . 
wow , this is a nice magnifier . 
the view is crystal clear with good relief . 
the magnifier is solid and well made . 
i did mount it on my ar just to check it out . 
the mount is also solid with no   rattle . 
easily installs and removed.overall , great product and a very reasonable price . 
very well made and designed . 
i only wish it were just a little bigger . 
keeps my rain gear clan and the gore - tex working like new . 
i ' ve been using it on my north face mountain guide 
gore - tex parka for years and it still looks great   not like new 
best bottles yet . 
i have not tried too many insulated water bottles . 
you ca nt go wrong getting these 
and they are very very well priced as well . 
this is a heavy case but solid built . 
it does have wheels 
overall i am very please with the sight system . 
i mainly shoot 25 yards and 100 yards at the range . 
overall the eotech allows me to hit on target without much thought . 
the eotech keeps on target and you do n't have to look dead on . 
however , it 's rather hard to do with hands . 
you 'll want a dime to adjust the sight . 
this is an excellent combination of medium range and long range . 
the third problem is that you need batteries for it to operate . 
otherwise you 're going to have a blast with this 
and it 'll last you a lifetime . 
she likes it way better than hurting her fingers . 
great buy for this magazine . 
this is a really nice versatile pouch . 
i will buy more products made by condor in the future . 
i have purchased fire starters in the past that were junk . 
a good example is the coleman . 
you can shave off the magnesium and then spark all you want . 
the magnesium will never ignite . 
, i know because they put their entire name and address on the product . 
you purchase a product like this to help in an emergency ! 
this is something you need to work.nice job doan machinery ! 
a quality product from the good old usa . 
i use this for everything . 
i went through my first 100 ' fast 
so i got another 100 ' for my bug out bag . 
highly recommended just to have . 
i have been shooting handguns for over thirty years . 
i started using frog lube about six months ago and it is fantastic . 
i will never go back to petroleum based gun lubricants or cleaners . 
after that , the process is simple . 
the firearm is left dry to the touch and does not fingerprint . 
i highly recommend this product . 
it does a good job of putting a nice protective finish on the guns . 
i ' m not a fan of two things   
this is as good as any other basic stock kit out there . 
it arrived flat and protected by the several layers of paper packing material . 
the elastic   molle - type   straps are durable and double stitched . 
it fits my ar-15   cmmg lower w   rock river arms m4 
in case that helps   like a glove . 
snug , but with no unnecessary tension on the zippers . 
i read some of the reviews of this product before writing my own . 
they taste like a dense coconut breakfast type bar . 
they 're a little crumbly and pasty , but totally edible . 
and if i ' m hungry enough , they 'll taste great . 
they are vanilla lemon flavored , and have similar packaging and calories . 
did n't get any hogs with it yet but think it will be ok . 
will try it this month in an area that i has large wild hog population 
it 's not the best chalk 
i ' ve ever had on my hands , but it is pretty decent . 
its still nice though . 
overall , happy with the purchace 
i am going to try it out soon . 
i had to drill more holes to mount this on my gym rack . 
looks great and still works as intended . 
no one can tell that its not already apart of the gym but me . 
unfortunately i do n't know another choice or i would probably try it . 
this is awesome , great sound and very high quality . 
neither of us had a single mosquito bite . 
overall still a great crank , just need to get that part fixed . 
it was used all last summer fall 
and he said it has held up good . 
it can be rolled up quite small to bring backpacking . 
would purchase this again . 
just received it today , ordered it sunday night , came wednesday . 
i received the brass colored one . 
the knife itself locks into place pretty nicely . 
its even small enough to use as a low duty knife in your pocket . 
5 stars . 
it is good for the money . 
nothing special . 
at least it works . 
overall it is reasonably comfortable . 
the visor does very little unless the sun is high in the sky . 
i would go with a metal design next time . 
fast ship though 
seems to be very well built for its price . 
fits my excalibur matrix 355 bow . 
but it fits . 
the pocket is a nice touch for carrying some things you will need . 
there is padding 
but it is pretty compressed around the scope . 
this knife is built . 
beautiful lines , great handle , fast action , and very sharp . 
have this in the clip point same handle . 
i keep them both boxed -- waiting to see how big joe becomes . 
great buy . 
a supposedly surgical steel blade , but could n't cut butter in the sun . 
great concept , and will come in handy after an intense sharpening session . 
the m.t.m . 
penny - rex 
i picked this particular brand because i was intrigued by the tv show . 
some of our lessons revolve around the birds found here at the facility . 
one such bird is the wood duck . 
i have two bicycles with these pedals . 
one of them is ridden in the rain and snow . 
i have never had a problem with these pedals . 
you do not need to spend big bucks to buy a higher priced pedal . 
these worth perfectly and are an excellent value . 
i have loaded over 1000 rnds with mine with no issue . 
be patient and do it right . 
i can drive them at 1600 fps in a 454 casull rossi lever action . 
accurate and deadly . 
functional , light , strong . 
yes , you can always cut to size . 
i wear size 36   waist levi 's and 
they 're pretty darn good . 
9 10 times they shoot straight . 
at this price that 's acceptable . 
very tough bat . 
high quality bike lock , heavy and durable . 
3 5 stars . 
this really makes you sweat . 
i normally do n't sweat alot , even when i workout hard . 
this suuit makes it happen for me . 
i have the pants too . 
i love the fact that you do n't have on a plastic suit . 
you can easily wash this too . 
overall .. i love it and would order it again . 
this is a great rest for the occasional shooter . 
easy to use and stays adjusted untill you change it . 
for   30.00 you can not beat it . 
works great so far . 
it came charged about 75 . 
charges right off the usb on my computer . 
i ' m shifting to blue ones though 
i put this on my glock 19 for my last deployment . 
never came loose , never broke . 
works great ! 
bought two of these for my kids . 
they seem to like it and they ride it really well . 
i would have got the larger ones 
but i already ordered this one . 
10 or maybe 15 is fair . 
the zippers are great and are well worth the money . 
they seem really small at first . 
then you start putting stuff in them and realize how capable they are . 
i now have two and will probably buy more to add to my belt . 
these things are so versatile . 
awesome value . 
i have the pearce grips for my xds and i loved them 
so i thought this was a no brainer . 
turns out these are actually far to long . 
i have a glock 9 mm version and this is so much better . 
better designed , nicely made , works flawlessly . 
and multiple calibers . 
i recommend this great little piece of engineering marvel ! 
i was quite impressed by how clean my chain got . 
the sling swivel is a quality metal product . 
the kit is heavy duty and i do not expect any problems with it . 
this is a super comfy camp pillow . 
i woke up feeling rested and did n't have a stiff neck at all . 
it fits nicely in its little compression bag too ! 
this product does everything their claims exemplified . 
very pleased with this lantern . 
bright and price was good . 
i may pick up another one . 
unlike propane lanterns no need to worry about co when using indoors . 
however , with this company i get twice as many units ! 
plenty of adjustment to go bigger or smaller from my size . 
for ar mags i would leave the keepers 
on.there is plenty of molle webbed space on the front panel . 
my grandson got a air gun for christmas . 
this way he can shoot a lot before running out of ammo . 
i bought this knife for my grandson for his emergency kit . 
with care this knife should last for years . 
the cutting surfaces of each tool is very sharp . 
and i could n't discern any changes in my puts . 
very snug fit for my sig p250c 
exactly what you want . 
locks in place and will not move a milimeter . 
so far so good . 
this is a good economy latch , is powder coated instead of parkerizing . 
the coating chips off after a little use on the latching area . 
hooks up perfectly to my 21 ' cuddy and is built to last . 
it is a small whistle and fits easily into a backpack . 
so ignore all marketing ... is the size right? ... is it insulated . 
and it is a little of a tight squeeze.other than that ... 
what can i say .... 
it is an insulated water bottle . 
the insulation seems to work well . 
kept my icewater .... 
well iced . 
i picked up this bag about a year ago with my new bike . 
it 's had about 650 miles of   pavement   use so far . 
it 's worked really well and is showing no signs of wear . 
but it 's not really an issue . 
these are very nice . 
i had other ss cups but they were thinner and lower quality . 
i also like the fifth cup for about the same price 
all in all there great . 
the 1 inch extension doest fit right , it screws in crooked . 
do not purchase 
hard to screw up a card board box . 
easy to put togeather with a little tape or gule . 
good product . 
as the title says , this is a great speedloader . 
but it does take some getting used to . 
i ' m just barely able to move the string . 
thebarnett rope cocking devicebtw is much better looking than the pic that amazon has . 
the arrow shot but this time me and my brother went huh ? 
this should have worried me 
but i needed the replacement before 9 22.given my current experience with this crossbow 
, i will change my review if anything changes . 
you can keep your pens , or small tools organized . 
it can be dropped into a briefcase or bag . 
has several orgainizing options . 
i recommend . 
very suprise how small it is but does the job . 
will know more once we use it more often . 
right out of the box this was an excellent saddle . 
its like a hammock for your butt . 
i do recommend investment in a water - repellent cover . 
is that it 's difficult to cut . 
so the question for any prospective buyer really is   
yes , this tape is great 
but how much great do i really need for this project ? 
i ' ve owned a couple of these knives because i lost one . 
i personally love the size and shape of the knife . 
the contour of the handle is very comfortable during use and in your pocket . 
love addidas products ... but not this one . 
anyway , i was hoping for the same outcome here . 
i was looking for a cheaper alternative of similar quality . 
these cost the same price for 2 as ua for 1 . 
i bought 4 pair this summer and have only 1 left now . 
stiching was also a problem on the other two . 
and as far as   wicking moisture ... no . 
these actually hold moisture in and cause some quite uncomfortable swampiness all day long . 
looks good , functions well . 
however no mounting screws came with my post mount 203 mm bracket adapter . 
i found it to be easy to use . 
it did a good job of stripping the arrows without damaging them . 
seems like there s room for my computer 
but i have nt actually gone that far . 
each section is water resistant from another 
but for right now this thing is a mule ..... 
this is great for the office . 
this was n't poorly made , but did n't seem great either ... 
this is a nice minimal little light that is bright for its size . 
i ' m worried it will snap off any second . 
as far as durability , this seems to be extremely well made . 
so far it has come through with flying colors . 
i purchased the s - type model , because i ' 
bottom line ..... 
this bag lives up to the maxpedition claims of hard use gear . 
it certainly has for me . 
bit on the expensive side 
but i find it worth it . 
the next time i will buy the glueless patch . 
this allen sports premier hitch rack is   
120 cheaper thanthule helium aero hitch carrierand it shows . 
but that is not necessarily a bad thing . 
but i have a pickup truck and a pickup truck deserves a rugged rack . 
so on with the review .... 
assembly is simple   all you need are two adjustable wrenches . 
a legitimate cost - effective alternative to the thule alternative . 
heavy duty and practical . 
decent for the price . mounted effortlessly . 
very bright . 
this set screw is a very fine point flathead . 
as is the driver shown in the image . 
works great . 
i even crashed pretty hard and the stem did n't break . highly recommended . 
my bike fits much better now too . 
the blast match is a great , easy way to get spark . 
i wish i would have had this in the military . 
this work pretty well . 
minor quibble though . 
bought for my wife 's bike as a gift . 
simple install , solid mounting , and it was accurate out of the box . 
nice screen means big visibility , which makes it safer to use . 
this water bottle is huge and will hold about a half gallon of water . 
it is what it is   8211 a cage . 
it 's inexpensive and no frills . 
there are better , but they cost well over   1000.using it 
i find it slightly cramped on the inside , but totally workable . 
was surprisingly smooth . 
my pistol now has a smoother and crisper trigger pull and a shorter reset . 
i was able to install myself with the help of a youtube video . 
i think it was an excellent value . 
my first automatic watch   with a gold tone bracelet   is fantastic . 
i was n't aware that automatics could loose time . 
not a problem . 
i just set my watch for 5 minutes ahead . 
it takes me less than 10 seconds to do this . 
not that i ' ve ever had a problem with that . 
with other seikos , you need only to do this once . 
anyway , this seiko automatic watch is just fantastic ! 
at first , it lost about 7 minutes a week . 
i wear watches and bracelets that measure between 6.75 and 7.50 inches in length . 
i took the watch off and immediately dried it off . 
well , there 's a happy ending . 
this watch keeps on ticking ! 
the band is holding up nicely ... 
no cracks , splits , or drying out ? . 
check comments for my lastest review . 
still a great watch.december 21 , 2008,it is still going strong . 
my watch now has two small scratches   hardly noticeable   on the face . 
i love it . 
i have absolutely no problem setting the time . 
you can not go wrong with this watch . 
you will love it too . 
works perfect , no complaints . 
solid lock up and looks good . 
used on my new laminated stock and hold my bipod without a problem . 
highly recommend this product . 
the plastic they are made of is a little to soft . 
but they come with 2 sets of holes 
after using these only 2 times the holes pulled through . 
do nt get if you actually want to use them . 
still giving 4 stars . 
i live in an apartment where the rain comes in on my patio . 
i do not have a garage . 
it works fine and although i bought two of them ... 
yes it is that big ! 
it does not tear very easily though . 
i recommend this product . 
loaded a couple hundred rounds so far . 
i purchased this to replace the same mattress in the single height . 
the valve on that one broke off - so there was 
absolutely no fixing it . 
it does take longer to blow up . 
i purchased a hand - pump to go with it ... 
it took a while to get inflated ! 
placed the order saturday got it monday ! 
but once i did they really did stay . 
i tested them outside and had people turning there heads . 
it really did light my bike up enough for everyone to see me . 
great!i then bought two for my boyfriends bike . 
are great when they work but the inconsistency of the product is baffling . 
the locking barrels are ka ka ! 
however i bought them to break before tearing the eyelet out of my tarp . 
she recently had her bow finished and wanted to protected during the trip . 
i recently saw this case at a retailer for   30 more than amazon . 
this is a great buy and serves its purpose well . 
overall i would recommend . 
easy to set up . 
easy to use . 
easy take down . 
the kids love it . 
overall we like it and think it 's a decent product . 
material and workmanship is excellent . 
worked on my ar without a problem . 
if you need a cheap but good tool for your ar buy this one . 
i like these 
, i ' ve had no issues with them and would buy another pair . 
nothing crazy special about them . 
these reflectors are perfect for nighttime or early morning rides . 
i could n't be happier with them . 
you really have to be careful 
it 's okbeen using this for a while 
now and so far it 's going good ! 
for what it is , it works , if you put it on right . 
follow the directions , clean the screws and use blue loctite on the threads . 
the material of this shirt is excellent for hot weather like where i live . 
we first purchased the blackhawk tactial cheek pad and were sorely disappointed . 
would definitely recommend . 
love the knife ! 
perfect tool when out on the lake or trail . 
despite what some have said , the lock is solid . 
this is a perfect fit in my glock 19 gen4 . 
i ' m planning to get another for my glock 26 soon . 
the plastic compass capsule is glued into the rubber base . 
no big deal   after fiddling with it for 5 minutes 
, the rack was on my car and my bike was on the rack . 
i used a bungee cord i had laying around . 
the whole thing seems quite sturdy and solid . 
with the high cost of ammunition and availability this is well worth the price . 
delivery was quick . 
i bought 3 of these initially . 
they only shipped 1 and it did n't work . 
customer service was great though . 
they adjusted my order to reduce to 1 and refunded me the diff . 
the 2nd did work but not very bright . 
i do n't trust it for a weapon light .. 
just something to play with ... smh 
purchased for my marlin model 60 . 
22have a bad chipmunk and rabbit problem eating our garden . 
plus squirrels taste good . 
anyhow , package arrived in two days , and i could n't be happier . 
install took 3 min maybe , and all that is required is hand tight ... 
so no tools necessary . 
for the price , this is a great deal . 
one thing is i would buy the next size up . 
these rabbits are done for ! 
most reviews about this read good . 
some didn t 
and i thought i would take a chance since it was so cheap . 
to my suprise , it got here on time and was as described . 
actually , it was better than described . 
i hooked this scope up 
and wow ! 
what was he talking about ? 
i get great images from it . 
i would highly recommend this scope to anyone and the price ... 
it s rediculuosly cheap ! ! ! 
i will definately do more business with these folks . 
thanks , mike . 
i use these slings exclusively for my pas and have not been disappointed . 
i love this sight i want to buy another soon .. 
this is a well made holster that fits both me and my weapon 
i wear it without a belt occasionally and it remains secure . 
good to have for the b.o.b and a must for any disaster . 
its always a good idea to have water stored for emergencies . 
overall satisfied with this product . 
i use this on all my sidearms and rifles . 
does a decent job of cleaning for a multipurpose compound . 
very good rust protection and overall keeps my weapons running smooth . 
this one is excellent for first aid supplies . 
i have this loaded up and mounted on my range pack . 
i also put the velcro red cross on it . 
i have 2 covers that are useless to me . . . 
in my opinion , the perfect case for these guns . 
a great case for the money . 
the net springs open and two stakes secure it in place . 
i found that i am using it more than i had planned . 
they will probably fit anything you have too . 
i was having trouble losing weight and needed a bike that would n't break . 
now , 14 years later i still use it 5 days per week . 
hopefully this will work out.i 
could n't recommend this more . 
it lasts . 
my 3-year - old loves to climb on it . 
it is truly an attractive nuisance as far as toddlers are concerned . 
no regrets here . 
great value . 
i use this carabiner when i hike to hang my bear bags . 
this is something 
it is well constructed , and i was surprised by its quality of build . 
it is very sturdy . 
the padding is very thick and comfortable . 
it is quick to build and you really do n't need instructions . 
it took me 15 minutes max out of the box . 
it it good for decline presses and ab exercises . 
i am truly surprised at the great reviews for this light   
i found a cateye el220 for   27 
that blew this out of the water 
well 2 of them i rotate   on my 29er 
i converted to 2x10 , and works great . 
honestly very little wear , still shift beautifully and never had a single issue . 
not a kmc chain , still just as tough as my 8s chains . 
camelbak has this down to a science for sure . 
it just does n't hold as much water . 
this thing is just awesome!1 . 
automatic shut off prevents battery drain . 
i forget to turn this thing off many times 
so i need this . 
it is also very light compared to many other ear pros . 
and for being electronic , its just as light as my non electronic ones.3 . 
sound amp and sound protection - enhances regular sound and blocks dangerous loud sounds.4 . 
you can plug an mp3 player in and still protect your hearing.highly recommended !   
former us army . 
i bought this die set to with my lee precision classic turret 
great grips . 
the official response   there is no way to tell . 
the sku and the packaging remains the same . 
only the 2013 will have updated packaging to reflect this . 
i bought them anyway and it 's bugging me . 
that does n't mean it is crap 
if you are expecting heavy - duty use or reliable , look elsewhere . 
got it just for fun 
and now i love it ! 
and they had april 2019 expiration dates on them 
so i got the full 5 years shelf life they were advertised to have!hope 
they last in my bob kit 
and i 'll update if i notice any issues with the seals ... 
i have a couple of these . 
the foam should be cleaned to avoid the strong smell . 
i keep the unloaded weapon in one and the ammo in the other . 
i ' m not entirely sure what   narrow mouth   means . 
this canteen has a wide mouth . 
pull it down to the last ring 
and it 's a simply fix . 
but in this case , it 's for a gift . 
all the other reviews just never bothered reading the instructions . 
they are extremely well made . 
i zeroed my rifle and removed the scope . 
then i reattached the scope and the rifle remained perfectly zeroed . 
got a good deal on this and it works great 
this is the best sling i have ever used . 
i highly recommend this product . 
bottom line is that the fit great , thanks 
i made this purchase for a real rifle and so far it works fine . 
kid tested and approved works for me . 
they ' ve been great overall - although there are some disadvantages . 
that 's not a big deal to me   
just make sure you mount the head in the upwards positions . 
i love these boxer briefs . 
they are more comfortable than underarmor and much cheaper . 
i like the long version because they do nt ride up . 
keeps everything in place and are very breathable.would recommend to friend 
high quality hard to break . 
1001 different uses . 
perfect for a bug out bag . 
you can never have enough . 
is as advertised . 
props to amazon for quickly getting the exchange taken care of ! 
works well on any gun i put it on . 
needs longer battery life but still works very well . 
this is a very durable high quality made belt . 
great buy ! 
no funny taste like the camelbacks i have bought . 
recommend highly , already have the version with the insulator as well . 
i also use this as a final step before i safe my firearms . 
this chain shifts smoothly , is quite durable and is long lasting . 
i do mostly gravel racing and ride in very nasty conditions . 
if you try it once you 'll use it forever . 
no more stinky hands and it 's beter than bore blaster . 
it dries so no more oily weapons . 
yes it is pricey but worth every drop ! 
i did n't know this and thought it was for the regular bite . 
not a big deal but its not worth it to return it . 
it 's stylish , comfy and protected me when i needed it . 
can not recommend it enough . 
i found that wadcutter pellets were most accurate . 
i m reviewing the rifle here though , not the scope . 
highly recommend this rifle   without the scope . 
then buy this scope and you 'll have a hell of a setup hammers 
you 'll ever own , i guarantee it . 
both the knives are excellent , beautiful , and have rock hard lock up . 
, i have lots of knives 
but you can not have too many . 
if not for the size my edc knife would be my cold steel vaquero . 
save your money . 
this thing is hard to see out of . 
it 's a nice decoration on my ar platform . 
my   .02 
i am happy with the connect system and the magnifier is clear . 
the entire unit is hefty . 
it took a minute to get zeroed 
but i blame most of that on user error . 
the pt program for my lower back surgery requires some daily exercises . 
they are not cracks but rather creases from rolling them up . 
well read what others are saying . 
cygolite folks , if they have n't got the message , the competition has . 
even better than pictured and very rugged . 
now i need to buy a few more ! 
it secures my s w bodyguard .380 nicely . 
for the price it can not be beat . 
i did try one of the silicone inserts which worked pretty well 
but i was always worried about it falling out 
the capcap is just awesome . 
i highly recommend it ! 
great product . 
i do nt buy any other gun oil after finding this stuff . 
a switch of some kind would be nice.the installation is great . 
screw the black clamp thing on with the included allen screw . 
then , as you tighten , it expands to fit the barrel . 
the bevel at the front centers it in the barrel . 
fits a 9 .357 .38 up to a .45 . 
sometimes it seems a bit short . 
its a lot of fun , but its not perfect . 
i would buy it again . 
hope i never need it , but i have it . 
i carry it on my saddle when i ride in the mountains . 
no back pocket was the only negative about this product . 
they fit and feel great ! 
they arrived on time . 
i would buy from them again . 
i am very satisfied with the edge and design of the blade . 
had to modify the scales to get them to fit 
but wow , this knife feels so much better in the hand now . 
that is another modification i strongly recommend to add to the knife . 
socks are terrific used alone with no over sock for cushion . 
the only problem i have with them is the toe squeeze . 
i appreciate the compression on all other areas of the fit . 
then that they are terrific . 
so i ordered this which is just the mattress . 
these air beds for under 20 bucks are an absolute steal .while 
this is some great rope and camo color too . 
multitude of use good value get you some before your next bugout 
its a great little knife 
and i think it would be excellent in a defense application . 
this tool is great and provides a lot of function for its size . 
it has a chain breaker , chain clip , and tire levers . 
for   140 i was expecting a lot more . 
awesome flashlight ! 
this seems very well built , even had greased threads . 
this thing lights up the freaking block . 
just buy this and be happy you have the sun in your pocket . 
i was supprised by the quality and the hogue 
handall 17000 did fit well . 
as you may know , the 45acp has quite a bit of recoil . 
for this the hogue grip has improved my target score . 
i do n't mind a couple of hours at the range anymore . 
however , it 's an awesome bag for a day trip . 
i got the green color which i love 
and i think i will by another one for the husband ! 
well worth the investment compared to what 's available on other sites ! 
fits and looks great with a shirt and tie for work ! 
i love the look and fee of this tee - shirt . 
i love these shorts both in and out of the water when i guard . 
i just received the bag today and was immediately impressed with the quality . 
, i feel like i stole this bag . 
i also bought an arrow box and it fits perfect . 
this was one of those amazon buys you pat yourself on the back for . 
highly recommended . 
it 's a great hat , well made and fits great . 
i do n't think you can get a better hat for the price . 
the grip angle is perfect and is extremely comfortable . 
excellent tool accesory for fast reloading drills . 
safe . ! ! 
safety is my responsibility . 
i also have these on 40 cal . 
holy smooth shifting . 
these worked great!key notes 1 . 
these things can be messy , be careful where you put them . 
my 2 year old one broke . 
i highly recommend them . 
i bought this to replace my old coleman fluorescent lantern . 
the red sos mode is an added nice touch . 
i 'd definitely buy another one of these . 
it really gets the critters moving . 
but it puts the animals on the move making locating squirlls easy . 
this is a handy item . 
i ' ve had fair shots at about a dozen squirlls using it . 
it really gets them moving . 
in other words i had no reason to crack it until then . 
is it worth the aggravation of arguing over less than   10 bucks ? 
but i would not buy it again , at least not from this source . 
bought both , the shotgun , and this   automatic . 
toy 's performance is subpar . 
airsoft guns are much more enjoyable and shoot faster and more accurately . 
returned this to amazon , and as usual , they were good about it . 
i love amazon . 
great knife ! 
despite the small size , surprisingly practical and manageable for larger hands . 
they do n't fail    crack    break . 
this is definitely a terrific , quality brand to invest in . 
i will stock up on these 
the duffle 's outside looks like it will take a beating . 
waterproof interior lining on the other hand may not do so well . 
it just seems to make things easier in my opinion . 
other then that , great product . 
very nice light weight mask . 
does nt fog . 
feel    fits perfectly . 
only problem is it is not deigned for glasses . 
backpack works great . 
used the expanding main compartment and it worked great . 
adequate extra compartments and zippers worked great . 
front expandable pocket worked better than expected and held lot 's of misc gear . 
overall very satisfied with the purchase . 
very bright at night and good daytime visibility as well . 
i took both whistles out of the package and they both worked . 
they are very slim and will go into my bob . 
but they bought it some where else 
and they stay in until you take them out . 
i can not attest to this tool 's quality or utility . 
in my case , it was totally unnecessary and a waste of money . 
it is still in its original package . 
want it ? 
the blade opens relatively easily even with gloves thanks to a large thumbstud . 
it 's my go - to mini pry - bar for any task . 
it was cheaper on amazon then . 
look around for better prices . 
also , make sure you consider victorinox 's rescue tool ... 
it 's the main competitor with the gerber hinderer . 
for the price this is a great muzzle break . 
my only real complaint is with how difficult it was to put on . 
i thought this watch would be an improvement and so far it has been . 
otherwise , it is nearly identical to the paw1300 . 
what it actually did was make the display darker . 
i do n't think i was too rough with the bell . 
i had this bell for roughly 2 weeks and one day 
the plastic ring   the part that grips the handlebars   broke . 
as described . 
bright as hell , great defuser . 
used regular batteries for a four day camping trip and never had one problem . 
i 'll keep packing it with my gear on future trips . 
this really focused the light well . 
it 's the same plastic as the stock lens . 
this was very easy to put on my bike . 
it seems very sturdy . 
you can adjust the holder to fit different sized bottles which is nice 
but i thought it would be able to open wider than it does . 
no biggie , many different bottles fit in . 
i like it . 
i ordered this just to keep on me for various tasks . 
fishing , jobs around the house and car were my main intentions . 
it 's amazingly sharp right out of the box . 
it stays locked in the sheath , very tight , for now . 
lockable which is nice 
but i ' m much happier with my mtm 30cal plastic cans . 
they seem to be more durable than this can . 
no loc - tite used 
it 's not really warm . 
i would n't wear it at or above 20 degrees fahrenheit and below 20 degrees 
it 's way too cold . 
perfect for light and heavy lifts . 
does the job with no issues . 
tougher than the ones i owned before . 
definitely worth the money . 
well machined , no burrs , no weird threading . 
mounted a burris ff3 on it . 
makes going from 50yards to 200yards super easy ! ! ! 
i would recommend this to anyone who is using glass on their rifles . 
many people have commented on using this as a stock wrench . 
the thin wrench does what a normal wrench can not . 
either get two of these or risk marring the barrel finish . 
if the grip area was more round , it would be comfortable to use . 
the notches do line up with mil - spec castle nuts . 
get these now if you ever intend to work on your stocks or muzzles . 
this is a great bipod . 
the first one i have ever owned 
so i do n't have comparisons 
but i do n't have any complaints whatsoever with it . 
the silver color will not blend with many of the bikes ' color schemes 
fits a lot of items inside for its small size . 
great bag to fit inside a larger edc or bug out bag . 
got this for my buddy and he loves it . 
make riding a lot esier . 
no need to reach down and get distracted while your riding . 
i have the lobo and i ca nt ride without it . 
great investment . 
various riding positions , to some aggressive ones to more relaxed ones . 
the shorts are very lightweight and allow good airflow . 
pockets are good for small and lightweight items . 
the size larges   33   
34   - 35   
34    are almost too big . 
length is good . 
the shorts sit just above my knee . 
the liner is well hidden.the liner is easily removable . 
however when i received the glasses , the lenses were more violet than red . 
shipped on time . 
i really love this range box . 
the lid have 2 closure dlips as well 
but they are located on the front face of the box . 
that is where both the ar-15 mag well block    34 holder   
34   as well as 2    34 v   
34   arms to hold bolt rifle , etc . 
you name it . 
i used the kit the day it arrived to repair an older tube . 
it is very compact . 
highly recommended , well worth it to remove stubborn crank arms . 
since they are not a legal attachment in california , lol 
i love this blue gorgeous umbrella . 
great for use on the camp grounds or on the beach 
- the latter being my favorite . 
so far , great ! 
this the best bladder available . 
very cheap item . 
spend some extra money and buy a better quality toy . 
the gloves are pretty good . 
i would definitely recommend buying this glove for the price . 
these are very useful . 
they stack nicely , and hold quite a bit . 
they have spots for padlocks which is good for keeping hands off . 
they stack nicely . 
i particuarly like that i can adjust it with no tools . 
i just love this tool . 
it has saved more than me on the trail . 
they were glad for the assistance . 
everything from my motorcycle to kayaking lids have had to be modified . 
installed a pair of these on my son 's atv . 
produces a decent amount of light and seems to be quite sturdy . 
still have to try this out in the tent this weekend . 
i slapped the battery in and fired it up . 
she moves some air ! 
bought these to protect my sidi mountain bike shoes . 
so i had to use an additional two plastic shims for each shoe . 
i have to cock it every shot 
oh and trust me do n't duel 
i got owned when i did that 
every once in awhile you find a good product at a great price . 
this is one of them . 
fits my mossberg 930 perfect . 
for the price you ca nt go wrong . 
and yes it covers your rear sling attachment 
and it will hold the shell holder in place . 
it fits tight and does what its supposed to . 
this knife will rust really fast if not oiled to keep it from oxidizing . 
protection.this is my second swiss knife . 
my first was an   army knife   
gives you a choice if you have both . 
this is a nice pump for the price . 
unfortunately i seem to get a lot of flats where i ride . 
i have no trouble achieving 65 psi pretty quickly with this pump . 
awesome credit card knife . 
it seems strong though . 
its sharp as heck too . 
i opened it and ran it over my ceramic rod a couple of times 
and it was sharp enough to cut the hair off of my arm . 
i have used it many times so far . 
always jams the ammo in the clip . 
does not work at all . 
waste of money . 
my wife used today and almost tossed it across the range . 
well worth the money , especially the mount . 
light , switch , and mount all seem very well - built . 
i replaced the batteries   10 , and still dim . 
sent the light back with included return slip . 
waited ten days , nothing . 
sent an email , was replied to next business day monday morning 
knife was flimsy but my expectations were low considerations were low . 
it to stay locked open . 
i wrapped the handle using 550 paracord with a cobra weave . 
the grip improvement makes a good knife perfect . 
i plan to buy several more . 
i highly recommend this product to all reloaders . 
fits the iphone well . 
just remember that it is positioned to fit a vertical bag strap . 
so if you use it on your waist belt it will hang side ways . 
i use no other other flashlight and have not for over 15 years . 
the petzel is a campers best friend . 
easily work on projects in the dark . 
then watch your magazine fly out of the well . 
although it fits well , it can be knocked off easily . 
since it is small and a dark color , it is easy to loose . 
loved the stakes and the puller . 
i love this pack and bring it with me everywhere . 
made out of a good sturdy fabric . 
i have a few of these in different colors . 
must buy for the military enthusiast . 
also works well has a hiking pack . 
you can snug it up real tight . 
works well ! 
good size , easy storage , easy to use . 
wow ! ! 
it is easy to load , with the extra clips    40 rounds . 
i was on a steady hold though - not free hand . 
it is the same size as a real full sized 357 magnum ! ! 
and from 5 feet away - you would think it is a real gun . 
it even has a real working hammer on it !    
yes you can cock it ! !    
more awesomeness . 
it looks really well made as well . 
buy this ! 
i am very impressed . 
chain runs much quieter with the teflon lube . 
this leads me to believe it is lubricating the chain better . 
time will tell but for now i am very pleased with the teflon lube . 
do what they 're designed to do . 
reasonable price for this may . 
good selection of sizes . 
obviously not for heavy use - mostly for keys , etc . 
excellent product . 
great system and the socks do n't show a lot of wear . 
everyone is happy . 
the mount keeps coming loose , making the whole setup useless . 
i decided to go back to using iron sights . 
for best results , you need to drill the receiver . 
pay attention to those pushups in particular . 
you can change the angles of your hands an hit muscles from multiple places . 
i ' ve been to the range four times with it 
and it seemed to work great . 
yet there was something that bugged me every time i looked at it . 
one of the legs was almost an inch off from the other . 
and it 's fixed . 
this holster does the job nicely for pocket carry . 
it appears extremely durable , and fits the gun perfectly . 
plus the price is right . 
is pocket carry ideal ? 
i can draw from an iwb much quicker . 
the trail hawk tomahawk is lightweight with good feel and balance . 
both items are easily corrected and are not deal breakers . 
nice training jersey but somehow a little bigger than the size . 
other than that i always prefer pearl izumi than the rest for its technology . 
purchased as i needed a ball pump . 
my wife loves then and she looks great with them on . 
she uses them for shooting and certain chores around the house 
this cans for a lot but do n't seem to be sturdy . 
i would n't recommend picking them up by the handle when full . 
well and shipped lightening fast . 
essential for reloading 9 mm . 
i have never had any problems with either of them . 
they are very affordable especially compared to other manufactures . 
i only buy lee precision carbide dies and am very happy with them .   
i own 5 different sets of lee precision dies yes ! 
i recommend these to all my friends ! 
i have n't had any problems with it . 
it still looks great after 7 months . 
great product for the price . 
more cosmetic than useful . 
still something to be said for that . 
i purchased this schwinn no pressure bicycle seat for my wife 's bike . 
we received the seat in a timely manner with no problems . 
this seat stands up to its rating . 
as soon as i installed it , i had my wife ride her bike . 
i would recommend this seat to my friends . 
it was a gift but i inspected it before i handed it off . 
it is light weight which is good because it was for a girl . 
it comes sharp and oiled . 
and its buck so you know it 's not a piece of garbage . 
nothing special i bought as sights for my ar and they work . 
but all and all great product . 
they work as promised . 
the material is substantial and has a good feel to it . 
nothing flimsy . make sure to check your sizes of diameter . 
30 mm is pretty large 
is that better who knows ? 
but this little blade is very good quality 
the handle has this really nice textured feel to it and good finger grooves . 
the lights work great   
the safe opens when you want to and closes when you want it . 
it was n't loud or anything before . 
i measured and can say it 's pretty accurate . 
_ i would definately recommend these to a friend . 
5 stars ! 
we bought this for a friend . 
he told us they are great poker chips and is very happy with them . 
they work well on holding shells they are a little bit big for me 
but they still work . 
what a nightmare . 
the one i now have is good for airsoft and bb gun use . 
i ' m going with the plastic mount that secures with the pistol pin . 
beware of this defective mount . 
purchased these targets for sighting my scopes on the 223 and the 270 . 
the htc evo is an absolutely impressive device ! 
great screen   
hd video   
a very usable 720p video camera   
4 g   5 feet . 
-- large size   this is a big device and it is fairly heavy ! 
i am a big guy 
it 's actually a phone too!this 
i just returned it -- did n't use it . 
they measured 75 psi on both tires using my topeak d2 smart gage . 
i connectedeach tire to the pump and checked the pressure gauge reading . 
the d2 reads 110 psi.i am happy . 
this pump does the job without me pumping my heart out ! 
in addition the longhose is perfect . 
the hoselets you connect the value without relocating it . 
if it lasts , then this a winner ! 
makes storing my guns so much easier . 
as usual caldwell makes a good product . 
it 's not a lead sled . 
but for the price it 's a good starter . 
this fits on my 500 flex like it came from the factory . 
can not beat the price for the workmanship . 
would recommend . 
they keep flames from direct contact with food and prevent overdrying . 
these are extremely useful rubber tips . 
it doubles the lifetime of the walking stick . 
i like good glass for my rifles . 
i ended up looking at vortex for two reasons . 
looking through it the glass is clear and bright . 
all in all i used 8rds to zero at 100yds . 
so i did a box drill which was another 12rds . 
i was satisfied that the turrets tracked well , and returned to zero . 
about 30min after sitting down the rain started . 
the scope held up without fogging and without any residual problems . 
all in all it gathers light well both at night and during the day . 
this scope will do very well for you . 
it was all that wind ! 
my goodness ! 
i am surprised how economical they for the quality . 
worked like a charm . 
i ' ve had the knife out every day for two weeks now   
wow you want a nice set of rings these are the ones ! ! ! 
they do have a large base so on some bolt actions with normal reciever mounts 
great rings ! !                    
lots of return issues and disappiontments with amazon lately ! ! ! 
it 's getting old . 
just purchased this knife . 
it feels very sturdy in the hand and the balance is really good . 
the curve of it seems to make it naturally easy to use . 
fits my gun perfect , and just misses my front iron sights . 
i highly recommend this product . 
i learned the hard way . 
great gadget . 
if you need to patch at flat this is a good kit to have . 
i have 2 of these . 
they work great for pumping gas to my old massey . 
with just a few prime pumps it will flow well . 
it does live a splash in it but 
and the instuctions say to store it with the hose and pump attached   
that is why the 3 stars would be five . 
just like in the famous old brylcream ads . 
a little of this goes a long way 
so do n't    34 use more only if you dare   34 ! 
they are ok for this . 
i ' m very satisfied with this product.will recommend ! 
simple , solid and effective ! 
i prefer these the best ! 
of course unless if you shoot semi - auto 's ! 
i have many sog knives and decided to try this gerber . 
the knife size and weight is substantial . 
this is a very sturdy knife with a good safety mechanism and nice feel . 
a solid knife with very good blade and hight quality crafstmanship . 
made in china.that said ... 
this knife is very cool . 
will update if things change.for the money - buy two 
it may not look the fanciest but it works and is very precise . 
i bought this item the range or distance is great for target practice . 
it was at a great price thanks a lot amazon . 
i use to have one of theses . 
it was used on several missions and never failed me then . 
i was impressed as to the quality and workmanship of this edged weapon . 
it was recived in a timely manner and is already attached to my vest . 
as always buck american quality ........ razor sharp out of the box ......... 
this is my 2nd 105 
i have two sets of these knives and the serve my purposes 
they are also black . 
this creates problems . unless you are working in a completely bare area 
it is quite easy to loose the things . 
they try to use at first . 
the points of these knives do tend to break with hurled into a harder surface 
, they are ideal for teaching the grandsons and granddaughters this art . 
the primary objective of teaching the beginner is technique and accuracy . 
much.don blankenshipthe ozarks 
not much to say about this . 
it 's a overpriced drift punch with a plastic handle . 
does n't even have a glock logo on it . 
not necessary if you have a tool set . 
very nice accessory and worth every penny . 
once you get the process down it works smoothly . 
this thing is amazing . 
very solid lock - up . 
the liner lock is flawless , as michael walker intended it to be . 
extremely sharp out of the box , with great g10 grip . 
the camo looks awesome too . 
i have purchased two of these so far . 
needed a bike pump but did n't feel like getting something really chintzy . 
this is a really nice bike pump that functions well . 
why can not they make a theft proof locking system ? 
i ' m out of luck . 
15 days to register from date of lock purchase , bs ! 
i do n't know 
it holds an edge well and is fun to play with in the kitchen . 
still use these to this day . 
they are really accurate and penetrate well . 
the only issue i have i had was the fit on the pellets . 
some did n't but still a great buy . 
received my package yesterday . 
was a little concerned about some peopel stating some of the seals were broken . 
mine were all sealed tight and clean . 
poped one open last night to let my kids try it . 
they taste good , slight hint of coconut , no after taste . 
they go down easily and do nt leave you thirsty . 
i would not want to live on these things as the servings are small . 
when things go bad , you will be glad to have them ! 
this works great for my use on an xd40 . 
mounts    dismounts quickly . 
extremely bright light for its size . 
amazon wants    34 one more word   34 .   smh 
the matches also light and burn up very quickly . 
shipping takes and extremely long time since its direct from china . 
nipple was stuck on and clogged horribly . 
this wrench fit well and the pin was a great for unclogging the nipple . 
i m now keeping a few of these in my kits 
it was a great product . 
i did n't read the description , and accidentally bought the youth version . 
the adult size is on it 's way now ! 
i do want to try it once 
but i have n't yet ! 
this is an alright box , but not the best . 
its not waterproof by any means . 
also , the material is somewhat flimsy . 
its like the same plastic that rubbermaid storage bins are made of.if 
there 's not much to say about this product since it 's so simple 
but it works just great . 
i bought one and then ended up buying three more for different calibers . 
if you have the coat you really need to get this . 
it is as described . 
great price great product . 
it gets the job done . 
if you get this you should change the screw ends to clips . 
they are pretty cheap . 
this tool is very heavy duty . 
it works extremely well . 
it 's not flimsy or lose fitting at all . 
excellent choice for the money . 
i like this sweater although it might be a bit tight . 
thin and nice construction . 
very attractive . 
especially good worn with slacks but without a suit jacket or sport coat 
these locks , in my opinion , are poorly made . 
i think the wire will be easy to cut . 
most important , try and find anywhere how to set the new locks . 
i never met a company that did not include instructions . 
this is a fair value for the cost . 
i was making a big order anyway , so why not throw them in . 
i cut these down and use them for pistols and rifles as well . 
love this knife and carry it everyday . 
length adjustment is easy and the locking mechanism secure . 
broke on my way to the park minutes after initially installed . 
i do not suggest this product to anyone that plans on hitting a curb . 
no way to adjust the tension with this holster . 
used for about a year now with no complaints . 
was tired of bent or broken metal rods . 
what 's more to know ? 
also , kydex gets slippery when it gets sweaty . 
i really like this cap . 
size wise , this medium is true to most guides . 
i heard about this so got some being very skeptical . 
it seems to keep away even the wasps that like to build there . 
we spray around doors and windows and perimeter of the house . 
hardly ever do we find a spider or bug in house 
but if we do it is a dead one . 
if i run out of this or low on it 
i will definitely order more . 
hook up and try to run . 
easy to carry transport and store . 
i returned it because i did n't like the feel of it . 
i am 5'8   34   and   1.60 . 
i always thought to myself ,    34 
i was wrong . 
i wish i would have invested in one of these sooner . 
this is a great investment if you are changing pedals with any regularity . 
i am 100   happy with this purchase . 
this is a badass chopper ! 
while it 's not one of his hand crafted 
knives it 's a beauty ! 
reef shark , baracuda , and sting ray in one snorkeling . 
the best router yet . 
i ' ve had over a dozen routers over the years . 
usually took at least one call to tech support . 
if it keeps working as is , i 'll be one happy camper . 
i bought this for its price and compactness 
beauty at sight , beast at work .. 
but it will not scare off enemies like my native frn.the size 
is just nice for my hands   7.5 glove size . 
ergonomic is very good.the blade from cts 
xhp is nothing less than excellent . 
the big agnes fly creek ul2 has some excellent points   
it 's lighter in weight and more packable 
i just got this scope . 
zooming in and out of the target is good . 
eye relief is also not bad . 
the only problems i experienced with this scope are the rings . 
the screws nuts on the rings are worthless . 
they loosened up every few 100 rounds and messed up the zero . 
now the scope does not move and maintains its zero . 
i still highly recommend this as beginners ' scope . 
i own a tipton cleaning rod for all calibers i own . 
they are very well made and last for years . 
in fact i ' ve never replaced one . 
fits my nef pardner pump like a dream . 
great product fits as described and looks great , low profile . 
buy this rail 
i rate that as 5 stars 
these clips work great with other brand accessories with the webbing on the back . 
not the best place to clean your weapons , but it is extremely cool . 
installation was a snap for my fns-9 . 
fit nice and secure in front of the trigger guard . 
it is a really small laser it means the fitted paddle holster 
i have from safari does n't work anymore . 
the fns is not as popular 
so i ' m still searching for a decent holster . 
this bag will serve as a breathable sleeping bag   material much like goretex . 
6'4   34     nearly 300 . 
the gloves are not very warm . 
i was running in 40 degree weather with them and my hands were chilly . 
i have ordered these many times for the range . 
easy to peel    stick and easy to see without walking back and forth . 
would like to see packaging of 100 at little better pricing though . 
this is a great tent . 
plenty of room for beds and storage . 
i love the viewing areas . 
you can see a full 360 degree area . 
very airy . 
i love all coleman products anyway . 
has carrying bag with choke strap that will be useful . 
maybe a slim gun fits better . 
, then i had to haul it back in luggage instead of 
it being delivered to my home , free of charge!recommend this product ! 
i have a 42 in waist ..... 
well , my iphone fits neatly in one of the outboard pockets . 
looks innocent enough.really a great find if this is what you are looking for . 
i keep both of these in my car . 
be aware that the penlight is not a pen   
it 's got a great little led in the head . 
the knife is pretty good too . 
you need to buy the 15 pack unless you 're childless . 
for every child , add 5 needles per 6 months . 
get a calculator if necessary . 
it is very solid and sturdy . 
it is molle compatible . 
victorinox swiss army champion plus pocket knife ... 
i bought one of these knives just to try it out . 
i had a swiss army knife when i was a kid 
ahhh ... a story for another time folks ! 
it worked great ! 
it has a lot of useful gadgets and is very manageable as well 
i ordered another specifically for my bug out bag . 
great knife ! 
i recommend this setup for anyone who carries concealed . 
it does exactly what it is suppose to do ! ! ! 
purchased this to use with my ar-15 5.56 and 300 blackout rifles . 
my biggest issue ... this is a very long scope ! 
very happy . 
works great and is great quality product . 
i carry a algeria bottle and a cup inside it and it fits great . 
i have it attached to the side of my bag with the molle gear 
so it does n't take up any room in my bag . 
i bought another one to hold my swiss volcano stove and it fits perfectly . 
bought this for a camping trip and it does as expected . 
but you have to put some effort into it . 
very nice lantern . 
the weather is so srazy anymore 
i like having these in easy to grab locations . 
this one has 2 brightness settings . 
it can be hung upside down or rightside up . 
you will need 4d alkaline batteries not included . 
the top handle hangs nicely on door knobs . 
we now have 3 on main floor . 
lasts weeks tornados and power outage 
we ran right for the solar crank weatherband and the lanterns . 
this product makes it real easy to load magazines . 
product is a finger tip saver and does what it is suppose to do . 
gets magazines loaded quickly . 
this is a really good tactical pen . 
the roller ink cartridge it comes with is fair at best .... 
it 's a design manufacturing flaw that needs to be fixed . 
a yoga mat , this is okay when used on carpet . 
its a good tough line . 
its got a lower memory than most 
i ' ve bought . 
i think it cast better than other as well . 
sweet ! ! ! 
as simple machine to perform complex solutions . 
i was up and running in about 10 minutes flat . 
this thing has made my life of reloading so much easier . 
5 stations later the case is perfectly formed and ready for some serious reloading . 
lyman has done it again . 
lyman is great though as this one machine pulls it all together for me . 
most places they 're under 10 bucks ! 
good for camping , hiking or to keep around the house for emergencies . 
they better on the gun than they do on amazon . 
the fit was perfect for my needs and they look great . 
makes swinging much more comfortable ! installing them is a pain 
but you only have to do it once 
so it is worth it 
these laser cartridges are little bit expensive but they work . 
good headband at a good price . 
very good value for the price . 
optical quality is decent . 
good inexpensive   currently   22   mask snorkel combo . 
the mask is not vented at the nose . 
the snorkel is fine , with a comfortable mouthpiece and transparency 
i agree . 
the forehead face dimensions it is designed for . 
most shops offer a mask snorkel package for   
happy snorkeling , everybody . 
very small . 
perfect for my survival bag . 
also bought the coleman aluminum mess kit 5 piece to go with this . 
check out my other reviews 
so you can see what other items i have bought for my survival bag . 
not everything i rate gets 5 stars . 
i put my items though the ringer before i review . 
i know it was made to last . 
there is a hinged side and the other side has rings holding them together . 
fold the hinged side first like a book . 
now the ring side should close easily . 
would have received a 5 if the knob worked better . 
great companion for the msr autoflow gravity filter . 
a plate , cup glass , bowl , spoon fork etc . 
so i chose this book and it fits all my needs . 
plan on buying a couple more for gifts . 
but it was needed for this week end 
not much to say here . 
it 's a good silhouette target for the money and well worth it . 
took about ten minutes before it was hot enough to my liking.in 
this bike computer has lots of useful functions on an easy to read screen . 
installation was a breeze . 
the odometer was off by over 1000 feet per mile . 
i used my gps to   dial it in . 
so this would get 5 stars if not for that problem . 
cheers to amazon for their excellent customer service ! 
by far the best lifting gloves i ' ve ever owned . 
my last pair were a gift . 
i ' ve been using them for the last 5 years off and on . 
these gloves have been incredibly durable . 
i wash mine once a week , in cold water only . 
i ' ve never had them bleed on my hands or in the washer . 
a great overall product and well worth the cost . 
very well built mounts . 
seem to mount tight on gun . 
priced same style at big name stores and found them on here cheaper . 
so far so good . 
we will see how well they are after a couple trips to the range . 
i imagine you could fit 2 double mag 's for an m4 in here ... 
i do n't know because i do n't have any - 
i ' ve used this tool many times , over six months . 
yes , i 'd buy it again.america used to make quality products . 
i ' m loving my new omron pedometer . 
it tracks my progress over 24 hrs and over a week . 
i can scroll back over the previous days ' progress . 
if i walk with more intensity , it records the steps and duration . 
the calories i burn are counted for me . 
it 's small , sleek and easy to use . 
what a problem that would be for me . 
so , i kept track of the numbers on my drive home from work . 
a short cord with a clip on the end is also included . 
it often happens that the clip falls off the waistband . 
the lanyard for that is not included.summaryi wear my pedometer from morning till night . 
it 's so lightweight , i do n't even notice it . 
very nice . 
i ' m happy with my purchase . 
just mediocre quality laser sight and flashlight . 
but i am not sure how long it will stay in tact . 
i have these mounts on a standard m1a . 
they were recommended to me . 
holds zero great . 
the deer i missed was my fault ! 
i reconfirmed the zero that day and it shot great . 
it installs on the back of my 411 molle vest fits solid . 
its well built stitching is very good.i use a camel back bladder in it .my 
only minor complaint is it does not have a hose hole at the bottom . 
but its a minor bitch about a great product . 
works great . 
i never could get into downdog without feeling frustrated . 
that did n't work . 
you will not need that extra padding for your knees with this mat . 
i love love love this mat . 
whenever i let a student borrow it 
they are equally impressed . 
that never bothered me . 
it 's the smell of natural rubber . 
and you probably would n't like it for hot yoga bikram style . 
the bigger thing to be aware of is the latex . 
if you are over 6 feet i suggest the 74   length . 
this thing rocks ... 
a big heavy but 
o well it works 
this is soooooo simple and easily conceals my sa xd9 subcompact pistol . 
i ' ve been using snap caps since the 80s . 
they broke . 
i decided to give these a try since they 're made from solid aluminum . 
nice little cash box . 
light duty overall with a light duty lock . 
it has a heavier handle than most and was priced fairly cheap . 
my wife bought me this for christmas , i was skeptical . 
it is well made and is remarkably similar to a true nba backboard . 
it has the heft , feel and look of the original . 
no jams and no hiccups . 
just a grerat aeg all the way around . 
my cannondale did n't like the thomson seatpost i was using . 
the race face print is n't obnoxious or flashy but compliments my bike well . 
good stuff .. 
this involved removing and reinstalling the metal crimp . 
however , my experience with my barska top opening biometric drawer safe was disappointing . 
i managed to get it to open on the first try one time . 
it 's really quick and easy . 
it 's made by bladetech is there anthing else that needs to be said . 
choice of the pros . 
yes what makes it even better is the tec - lok belt attachment . 
easy on and off . 
great product definately reccomend . 
this is a target plinking only pellet gun . 
it does n't put out enough fps for hunting . 
break it open and load , it is as simple as it gets . 
its a decent tool to have in the reloading arsenal . 
great gun by the way .... 
i could not figure out why it would go all over the place.i 
would get it sighted then suddenly    
it   34   would start shooting to the right . 
probably easy to fix 
but i did not get there yet , 
i was able to put all the 30 round on the target    50m .... 
could of been just a muscles memory tho ... 
but it 's fine for shorts and jeans , where it performs very well . 
cost   3 at home depot2 . 
but ok3 . 
it 's simple , it 's solid , it hangs a bag . 
this is a cool little knife . 
the quality is alright . 
i like to show it off to all my buddies . 
stacks your ammo in good compartments so it is easily accessable ... 
i could see where i was walking . 
that is real helpful at night . 
gives you a reason to carry it with you .. 
she shoots a 410 
less recoil than the 410 by far with the pad on . 
they say you get what you pay for . 
in this case i got more than i paid for . 
the knife with sheath alone goes for over   
80- 100 at other sites . 
this one comes with all you see in the picture . 
it is well - balanced , and the blade feels very strong . 
the sheath and leg straps are also well made . 
the safety knife and sheath are great . 
and hey , i even like the color . 
they are very light weight and easy to store . 
you can put them anywhere . 
solid well made and very light weight . 
it all worked out , and 
glad i purchased ! ! 
i have a bad back and have until now resisted buying a pole . 
i am happy that it will extend long enough for me   
34    although i do have it at it 's absolute max height.so 
coleman decided to put in some shock absorbing mechanism . 
it really does n't work at all . 
once it 's up , it was great ! 
the set up was really hard . 
had to start over two times . 
so i hooked it to the dome prior to putting the legs on . 
this worked much better for my 5'6   34   height . 
m a huge fan of multicam . 
i ' m having made . 
i found out when i ordered mine   ordered through us patriot 
perhaps i can starch it . 
they make them in multicam too . 
so it would hold some kind of a shape in the crown . 
but i personally feel it was more the msr fuel and not the stove . 
once tightened down a little tighter , the stoves worked like a pro again . 
but be careful ... 
that will prevent you from waiting forever to get your stoves . 
the price for this quality sheath is justified to say the least . 
i use these for my mountain bike as well as my road bike- 
i am an avid biker   
they can not be beat- 
they are adjustable and work great . 
i would by again at this price-   
i was so impressed i bought 2 
collector knives ? 
probably not , fairly popular , so production rates are still high . 
congrats to sog , and keep up the good work guys ! 
i bought this air rifle to take care of some squirrel problems . 
i also bought a tasco scope for it . 
had the scope sighted in , in about 15 mins . 
this gun is classic crosman quality . 
good product at a reasonable price 
i am so glad i got this . 
i like how i can take these dvds with me where ever i travel . 
so i can get my workout in ! 
i havnt tried them yet because i still got aluminum ones 
but they look good . 
so three stars for lookin good so far ! 
lovely tiny things . 
i use them for my wonderful zippo lighter . 
they are cheap but without them you can not enjoy your lighter . 
my brass came out looking brand new after 3 hours in the tumbler . 
so i will not do that again . 
it was n't hard to get out anyway just a little annoying 
but that was my fault . 
works better than more expensive nut media in my opinion . 
i put this on my cruiser bike . 
i welded a bike peg to the front frame an it fit perfectly . 
i ride this to work every day    10 mile round trip . 
it 's lots of fun 
and i get compliments everywhere i go . 
this is literally the best filter i ' ve ever used . 
it filters water   fast   and with very little effort . 
the pump handle is comfortable and slides easily . 
every time i use it 
, i ' m amazed at how fast it moves water through it . 
i have both and use them for these purposes .tip   
i put this thing together pretty easily . 
makes for easy steering . 
i have n't used it as its summer time in florida . 
no need for jean pants at the moment . 
made of thick material . 
i 'll post back in the winter time . 
... with small noses . 
i happen to have a small head and a big nose . 
which is a problem if you 're biking . 
a few modifications and the thing will fit just fine ... 
how much can you say about a pump with gauge that works ? 
it works fine . 
airs up tires at a moment 's notice . 
very sturdy knife , almost everything about it is metal . 
i like it because its usable and its tough for a very low price . 
it 'd be tiring but would serve well as a machete    parang . 
you could probably use the thick back edge as a hammer . 
i ' m very happy with the construction . 
the sheath is pretty good . 
i have the byer of maine mosquite hammock and this works great with it . 
even with the multiple ropes on it it still fits inside of it . 
but it works well . 
i use my tree straps to bundle it up tight . 
make it a bit shorter in order to be able to deploy faster . 
overall and for the price , a decent buy in self protection . 
looking for a good , inexpensive muzzle brake , here it is . 
i like the fit and finish of the brake and it 's design . 
but on a good barrel it can help . 
this is no lightweight vietnam tomahawk . 
two handed strikes are fast and powerful . 
stick with a lighter hawk if your use model is a one handed fighting 
the head 's   sheath   is unique , functional and appears durable . 
too expensive for what they are , but they work as intended . 
they should be included with the racks but it is what it is . 
the price is the only reason i ' m rating them at a 3 . 
they are good locks and mechanically they would be a 5 star . 
not likely anyway . 
warmth is perfect and still breathes so i do nt sweat . 
i love chaos items . 
works pretty good , but no where compares to a higher dollar bipod . 
it is what it is . 
the effective coverage area is about 37   across . 
works great . 
unfortunately that removes some of the paint . 
use some clear nail polish on the eyes to get a nice shine . 
it 's very cheap so why not have it ? 
great stylish bike jersey that allows your skin to breath when sweating . 
item shipped quickly . 
i have been wearing this item often while biking . 
i like the holster but       is it big . 
crazy big ! 
waist is fully adjustable , height is fully adjustable , etc etc . 
i ' m of decent build ... 
i have a 36 38 waist , and just about 5 ' 11 . 
also 100   fully adjustable .i got ta be honest here 
who knows ? 
i ' m not in the military ..... 
but , the fact is , i go shooting just about every weekend . 
and the zipper still works !    
i really see no reason to look any further . 
i would place it in the dagger category . 
the nylon sheath is rugged enough and it has a snap rather than velcro   
i do n't like velcro with sheaths . 
it is a nice design , well constructed , smooth handle . 
lenser makes products that are good , far better than other popular flashlights . 
the light works , simply put . 
i love this knife .... 
love it ! ! ! 
i will be ordering more in the future ! ! 
great , wonderful , nice , yes 
, that s the way uh huh uh 
huh i like it . 
no simpler or faster way to clean the barrel . 
that 's the expectation . 
it will not clean the rest of the gun breach , trigger , etc . 
it is very small . 
i am satisfied with this item . 
other than that great bag . 
i use it before processing photos on my mac . 
i have been surprised at the differenceit makes . 
the one drawback is the price . 
we do n't use it routinely for most of our computer screens   
we wait until they get pretty messy 
and they need a complete reset . 
the veils will fit an adult head withoutany spare room . 
ok for the occasional visitor   adult or children . 
absolutely perfect if you hate bulky ear protectors . 
eliminates even the loudest firearm noise . 
easy to carry and easy to put in and take out . 
this red dot sight works great on my 10 - 22 ruger . 
i can shoot groupings the size of a quarter at 30 yards . 
it also works good for night hunting and even comes with flip open caps . 
for   40 you ca nt go wrong . 
this is my 3rd ka - bar tdi knife . 
that 's what your other knife is for . 
i love the knife . 
hate the sheath though . 
no idea how this happened . 
you can spend another   
50- 70 get the sightmark . 
it 's not an eotech , but it 's way better than utg . 
great product at an excellent price . 
i stumbled upon this knife while looking for paracord . 
the knife is made of steel . 
iv combat machete 
blade.hope this helps . 
this is light and comfortable , and much better than a blowup pillow . 
the batteries did die out after only a few minutes though . 
that 's what they should name these . 
if they hit each other they break . 
if they miss the target and hit something solid they break . 
if you drop one on the ground from too hi up they break . 
like i said , they should call these break easy , because they do . 
the point is like the tip of a needle . 
good job cold steel ! 
i also need to evaluate how well this ball will handle usage . 
i am also still evaluating how the ball behaves around the rim . 
so far i have n't seen too much difference in that regard -- 
i ' m trying not to blame the ball for my misses .     
the ball has kept its air well note . 
when you order clothes made in south east asia size is a crap shoot . 
i got this for 2 applications . 
is too big for the typical handlebar mount . 
this is a fantastic product . 
open the door and the safe is now lit up . 
some shadows , but i can now see the bottom corners . 
when it 's cold , you will be glad you have this . 
the more expensive one is about twice the size though . 
i might have to recommend the extra few bucks . 
i used this duffle bag   21   34   
x 36   
34    as a sandbag for training . 
the bag has 45 lbs . 
of sand in it and the bag seems like it could handle plenty more . 
sturdy construction . 
i would not hesitate to purchase again . 
do n't buy it for a norinco sks . 
i should have listened to the reviews . 
it leaves no oily mess behind nor reason to give the sponge a stern talking 
inspecting my shoes post performance   
great bag for the price . 
fits delta rack perfectly.attaching not a problem as other reviews have posted.highly recommend 
but , alas no . 
my sit bones were sore , but my perineum was fine . 
then i tried the forte easy rider   same thing with sore sit bones . 
i ' ve done 20 mile rides with this saddle and 
i ' m comfortable . 
only one minor gripe . 
i do n't feel any play while riding though . 
that 's why i did n't deduct a star . 
very comfortable bag , great quality and allows ccw . 
for the price , it beats other more expensive brands with relatively similar designs . 
great job condor ... 
keep it coming . 
this is one of the most temperamental usb drives i ' ve used . 
this is a very good oil to play with . 
does n't have a bad odor like some say . 
i brush it on leather , wood , plastics , and of course metal . 
but i like frog lube better . 
i like about the gv2000 1   
it has enough space for a couple of pistols to fit easily . 
it is easy and quick to open . 
and it has always opened very easily . 
i ended up buying another gunvault 
and it turns out the latch was broken right out of the box ... 
i ' m leaving it as 4 stars . 
this loader works well after you get used to it . 
lock button sometimes locks at the wrong times . 
cheap enough to not worry about losing . 
this is a very versatile workout bar . 
this is a decent bang for the buck . 
i mainly wanted one that was n't plastic . 
actually the stores charge the same if not more      for the flimsier ones ! 
be realistic with your expectations . 
the paracord or bare handle when not wrapped is not supposed to be comfortable . 
i purchased two of these . 
they are a very high quality storage case for ammo . 
i will be purchasing more of these in the future . 
these pellets were great when shot from my stoeger x50 . 
was punch a hole in the same board and sometimes knock it over . 
in my case . 
not for low powered pellet guns 1000 fps minimum with lead pellets to shoot these 
or they will get stuck in your barrel ! ! ! 
this was the perfect solution . 
the long screw was too long and the short screw was too short . 
the original mounting screw for her old kickstand worked just fine though . 
these are great ! 
i normally use the 8   34   shoot - n - see targets . 
a quick , easy and inexpensive repair . 
it 's pretty roomy . 
we bought a tandem bicycle last year to enjoy cycling together . 
it came with 26   ' knobby ' mountain bike tires . 
we are very happy with these tires . 
have not tried running with them in this weather 
so bright it annoys the bike riders behind me . 
one person thought i was a fire engine from a couple blocks 
easy to mount . 
i bought this for our ar-15 and it holds it nicely with a scope . 
the rifle does n't move once secured and there is plenty of room for accessories 
so , great tent . 
roomy , spacious , blahblahblah . 
now i wish i could return it . 
i was eaten alive by mosquitoes . 
best price i found . 
after reading previous review i knew this was a typical compression shirt . 
now another thing that concerns me 
i ' m an old school paintballer 
so this is my first hpa tank 
griddle came yesterday and like all my cast iron i seasoned it . 
cleanup was easy , just wiped with a paper towel . 
lodge is the best ! 
i really like the design 
and it is very well - built . 
i can see it lasting . 
i really bought it for pellets but it could use a little adaptation there- 
keep feeding it 
and you have a campfire , but for coals , charcoal is probably better . 
excellent material . 
i like the quiet nature of the tarp itself . 
it 's very flexible and packs easily . 
you 'll never see either one again   - 
not super easy to mount either . 
and it was more then what i expected . 
it fit perfect in my old camelbak because the new bladders are wider . 
i recommend this to anyone . 
what a difference this makes in reducing rope drag . 
it 's use 
less stress on the motor running a 100   is also a good thing . 
to practice at home , is very good . 
helped me a lot in consistency when practiced outside . 
for the money you have , it is a good investment 
great quality and fitment of this aluminum ruger barrel band ! 
great for mounting tripods or lights to the ruger 
10 22!works great with ruger 10 22 carbine and take - down models ! 
but here is why it works for me.1 . 
this is easy to carry when fully loaded with the carry strap on top.5 . 
fits like a glove on my lucid hd7 . 
the push button    flip open cover works great . 
really nice addition to my scope . 
solid protection . 
it actually has a real phillips driver - enough said . 
i was pleasantly surprised how much i used this tool in my initial build . 
barrel , torque , jam - nut on stock , etc . 
do n't try to assemble or modify you ar without one of these ! 
the small price now is worth 
it 's weight in gold . 
bought this for my bushmaster ar-15 a3 m4 
.223 izzy 30 and could not be happier with my purchase . 
great price ! ! 
i recently started reloading and use this to do powder emasures . 
its display is bright and easy to read and change . 
great buy for first time reloaders ! 
this makes it a bit more difficult to operate.it is also made of metal ... 
no protective rubber coating.now for muy biggest issue with this unit . 
the plastic results in softer edges . 
so i ' m thinking this may be contributing to the issue . 
at the same time , not other optic mounted flips side to side . 
so i will probably keep it . 
you want something more reliable . 
that means no fiddling with the cap on the bicycle .... 
in fact , i do n't squeeze this bottle at all ... 
the water flows freely for me simply by sucking it gently . 
for the rear cage , it is just a little too tall . 
i drink the noninsulated one first , and then this one . 
i ' m 
upside down.easy to sip . 
for hiking or picnicking , you want something with better insulation . 
son wishes it had a lanyard to his helmet . 
i am surprised they do n't have a lanyard to the facemask . 
would n't hit the woods without it . 
other than that huge defect i liked it . 
i bought this hat because an earlier reviewer said it fit his large head . 
the hat is well made , and the price is attractive . 
this was a product - test purchase . 
i am a dealer in conventional modern firearms and shooting supplies . 
i found the product to be very well designed , constructed and finished . 
the instruction manual was comprehensive and was shared with a similar product model . 
therefore , the user must be aware to follow the appropriate guidelines . 
a weighted vest is an awesome tool for increasing your fitness . 
put this vest on and run for 5 minutes , then take it off . 
you 'll feel instantly faster . 
add this to your fitness toolchest . 
puma always makes great stuff 
this is the best large capacity speed loader i have ever used . 
do n't bother with cheaper brands they break and do n't function properly . 
this cage was easy to install and holds bottles well although not perfectly .   
one bottle did escape once while hit a bad bump at extreme speed .   
i would buy another if needed or recommend to a friend . 
it feels sturdy , but is relatively light . 
i love this product . 
its small like a wallet , holds any .22 ammo and even .17 ammo . 
its solid plastic , not the cheap stuff , very durable . 
and it holds the ammo in there nice and tight . 
and i plan on get one for all my guns 
this is a great accessory if you love your golf games . 
so i ' m glad to say this is working how . 
now i just need a life - sized tv to play beside . 
these are easy to adjust and are comfortable . 
i got a molle belt that i loaded up with fishing gear 
so i do n't loose or forget my tackle . 
the clips lock well 
so i do n't have to worry about it coming undone . 
quite possibly the best   20 upgrade for an ar there is . 
have the grg .308 version on my bolt gun and was impressed . 
figured for   16 
it would n't hurt . 
hell it 's down right impressive ! ! ! 
i totally recommend this miculek style brake for your msr or bolt gun . 
it 's great and and has great comfort . 
thought it would be some cheap foam one but is not . 
i believe it 's made from rubber . 
i bought this one in one of my midnight    
i can not sleep 
so i 'll get on amazon and spend money i do n't have on things 
i do n't need   34   sessions.well 
it came in a couple of days and 
great product ! 
i know this a coleman coffemaker case 
but it works perfect for the heater buddy . 
so this unit will hold 3 total canister for my application . 
well built . 
not much to write for a review . 
it holds 8 oz and is a plastic bottle . 
this is very well made , of heavy , warm material . 
it bulges out in front from the bulkyness . 
but it is warm . 
the very best cot ever . 
plan to use it when i camp and hunt this fall . 
i am sure it will do the job . 
divers fins in the past . 
if you are accustomed to standard size fins , you 'll notice it . 
so i still had a great day!in all this is a great quality set . 
i think this is the best bang for your buck . 
but it definitely gets the job done . 
the lock works , but could be improved . 
i gave this item 2 stars becuase it jus 
anyways if your considering getting this because you think it looks cool 
or it looks practical , trust me its not . 
save your money . 
it did break the first day of use . 
i took it apart and fixed it myself . 
the product is solid but put together poorly . 
i have absolutely nothing bad to say about this product . 
lots of wasted space . 
i ' ve been using the black high - intensity foam roller for years . 
it absolutely was not . 
this product did not . 
your experience may vary . 
what can i say ! 
soft and confort .i 
like the two tone grip . 
i recomend this product for a ride .have a especial price 
but despite that , i really like it 
and it holds up well . 
i like it , and sandisk has made products worth their money for years . 
the screwgate mechanism is simple , locks into place , and works very well . 
this summer , ants started to get inside the house and the garage . 
i looked online and found the terro product . 
i could not wait 
the ants feast on the product after i put it in their path . 
after 5 days from the time i put the bait . 
i went to lowe 's again yesterday and bought 2 more boxes . 
i ' m removing 2 stars as i ' m 
i decided to just use the old contact spray that i have . 
i have used many knives over the years . 
this knife is a good one.the 1095 steel is great . 
i can say with confidence that this knifeis tough . 
big enough to be strong but still small enough to be 
practical.i chose to get rid of the black coating . 
now thati know i like this knife as well as i do 
same 1095 steel in it . 
i get comments on the way this knife looks and it 's a gerber 
so you know the quality is good . 
i own all three mag types , this one is by far the best . 
it was n't the warmest and still had to bundle up . 
it is however very compact and very easy to pack . 
i ' m 5'7   
i got this in small and it fits perfect . 
i think the sight is plenty bright and it 's very easy to install . 
you do not need to buy a sight tool . 
the included one will definitely get the job done properly . 
this is a great upgrade for anyone with an ar-15 . 
these aqua sphere are a rare breed . 
great visabilty and great feel around the eyes . 
i highly recommend a pair . 
but i really only needed something small . 
and i am very happy . 
i am an average size guy , prob average to slightly smaller than average hands 
and it feels great . 
fits great in all pockets . 
if you want a small edc folding ao knife this is it . 
great price , looks great , feels great and cuts great . 
i used this bag almost anywhere i go . 
an outdoors - man must - have . 
a standard nut or slotted thumbturn would have been infinitely preferable as an alternative . 
works great ! 
great hitch for the diy bike rack . 
i 'll say that s a deal . 
i purchased these fins for travel snorkeling based on the amazon reviews . 
still the length of the fins are not altogether that far off . 
i tend to wear standard width shoes with a bias towards narrower fits . 
the loose fit causes me to experience foot cramping very quickly in open water . 
i bought a pair of 3 mm fin socks and paired the two together . 
with the socks , the fins really seemed to hit a groove . 
fit seems to be the biggest issue with these fins . 
i would just prefer a bit more flex in the fin blade . 
easy to use and was purchased at aresonable price . 
the hard plastic sippers do n't leave that taste . 
these items are made from the hard plastic . 
this single sipping hole took some adjustment but i eventually figured it out . 
and , the khaki foliage combo looks fantastic . 
nothing fancy just the essentials to do the job at a very reasonable price . 
the weight and size is perfect . 
one of theses will be in every survival kit i make . 
this thing is awesome ! 
i love it so much 
i use it every chance i get . 
the sporks are kinda lame but they work well enough . 
on the trail i use a sea to summit folding spork . 
i ' m very happy with this purchase . 
one of my favorite trail items . 
i had never changed a bike tire . 
bought 3 new tires for schwinn meridian adult trike . 
watched some   how to   videos on the internet . 
all videos warned about pinching the tube while using a lever . 
only used the levers when i just had to . 
i changed all 3 tires , without any damage . 
worked for me ! ! ! ! ! ! 
just got these a few days ago . 
tight as drum . 
plenty of room for my elbows and to roll around ! 
cracks to easily at the seam when accidentally dropped . 
works with the stove top or open flame for bioling water or soup . 
btw do n't use this for hot drinks . 
they are easy to throw , and are very , very portable . 
then again , maybe you do nt want to hide them , ay .... 
you can do that also . 
the sheathe is good and tight , and the straps are durable . 
these blades are nt going to randomly fall out of it . 
anyway , cheap , accurate , and seemingly deadly . 
you know you are going to get a set.enjoy ! 
heavy duty plastic , wo nt warp or bend with a full load   
this is what i was most worried about . 
well , i bought it to run in place with while watching tv . 
strangely enough it really made my ankles sore . 
it 's like the surface area is too small and 
so they are hitting the surface at an odd angle . 
it was pretty firm for a bouncy item . 
that said i did it by myself . 
but people are 
the bag is a lot bigger than i thought it would be . 
it organizes everything nicely with room to spare . 
just a neat little product . 
just a nice , soft glow and aromatic scent ... 
it 's a perfect contrast to the black woods . 
the old rule ....   
i took my girl scout troop camping over the weekend . 
yakima , thule , etc . 
very handy little tapper hammer . 
the weight is just right for those firearms pins . 
a must have on your tool box if building an ar-15 for example . 
i wanted another large lst with serrated blade but they seem to be unavailable . 
the only complaint is the blade being several millimeter warped . 
because of the great price i give this three stars . 
i have a road and a hybrid bike of high quality . 
, it does n't hurt one bit to use . 
i 'll get some soreness from my abs working 
but that 's to be expected and totally welcome ! 
i originally rated this hoop 3 stars 
but i ' m bumping it up to 4 . 
i feel like it could use a little more padding on it . 
with my weight   120ish   
i do like the hoop and enjoy using it . 
it 's fun ! 
big mistake . 
the hoop went flying when i was using it . 
so make sure you get all the pieces properly snapped in . 
d shackles are amazing . 
these came quickly and at a good price . 
they are perfect for all sorta of projects and uses around the house . 
seems like for under armour i am ordering one size larger than is usual . 
that is the case here too . 
one thing about compression tops is that most seem to have short arm lengths . 
not so with the ua ! ! ! 
the material , stitching and tailoring is top notch . 
you do pay a premium for it though . 
also , i wish ua did n't have their logo so prominent . 
i did a search online to find better covers and i saw this product . 
i took the chance with keep on kovers 
i have been pleasantly surprised at how well these have worked . 
does everything they say it does . 
it is very hard to make sure that its not being cross threaded . 
coupled with the viridian holster this is awesome . 
i hope the company will stand behind the thread issue . 
if they do , they have themselves a customer for life . 
ever time i use it ... 
case to case always on target for length 
this would be a perfect gift for any one you know that owns guns . 
they 'll think about you everytime they 're shooting   in a good way . 
not much improvement ... 
only benefit is that adds about 3 4   34   of extra pull . 
i have loaded 500 shells so far and am very satisfied with the results . 
i did get the primer feed with it which works well . 
i recommend both products . 
i see no reason to spend more money when this one works so well . 
it works great , has three settings , and a red lens cap - 
what else do you want ? 
my only gripe is that i strongly dislike the blatant white on black headband . 
if you have a lunch bag that is not real large 
installed it is just crazy looking to put it nicely ! 
well done . 
for the price of the scope , you really ca nt beat it . 
i ' ve had this seat for about 7 years . 
you will not understand the difference until biking with one . 
this seat is amazingly comfortable . 
it is foam , not gel , but i actually like this better . 
it has withstood much use . 
now , the material has come unsewn at the back . 
i 'll buy a few backups for that price . 
you 'd be silly not to buy it . 
durable and works as advertised . 
so i can work on both legs at once . 
wear a sock long pants so it does n't chafe your skin . 
heavier gauge than the cable that came with the gunvault . 
this py ball is synthetic leather . 
i just received this shell holder , and it looks sturdy . 
i have practiced speed loading my shotgun with it and it has held up . 
great for general maint . 
on your rifle . 
good quality , i ordered a size medium which fits snugly 
but i still can get a tee shirt on beneath . 
5'11   34   and weigh 166 lbs . 
great for long bike trips . 
regarding temperature ratings   
i love this bike . 
and this bike is a bit big for me . 
you should really be at least 5'5   34   preferably 5'6   
34   for maximum comfort . 
i am balancing on my tip - toes . 
assembly was easy and took an hour tops . 
you can do it by yourself with no help . 
the brakes and gears are shimano   the best in the biz . 
unfortunately , the issue did not stop there . 
the hole was sealed perfectly , but the tire keep going flat quickly . 
not a manufacturing problem , just a note for proper bike maintenance . 
you should really check these things before every ride . 
back to the inner - tube . 
i own dozens of knives . 
the g10 handles are virtually indestructible . 
the open back is easy to keep clean . 
the blade is polished to mirror brightness . 
it opens and closes smoothly and effortlessly using the thumb studs . 
the liner lock is solid . 
the sere 2000 locks up 
so well i forget it 's not a fixed blade . 
while the handle is big , it is   
the blade is actually rather short in comparison to the gripping area . 
it 's hard to describe 
but it 's quickly recognizable.the downside to the knife 
is that it is large and heavy . 
for those with smaller hands , it may be too much . 
the blade is also a hair over 3.5   long . 
i. love . 
but that 's okay with me 
, i do n't buy knives for their looks . 
with that being said these knives are ugly . 
these blades are made for practical purposes and are not pretty at all . 
this product is n't for you . 
i am using it right now and it holds strong . 
protecting my son 's precious head and brain ... what 's not to love ? 
this helmet is beyond the basic and really protects by being adjustable and streamlined . 
plus , it just looks cool ! ! 
these are perfect ... 
they keep your water colder longer 
and i like the 25 oz size - enough water for some longer rides . 
pump is small and compact for attaching to bike frame . 
pump looks nice attached to bike thus not interring with cycling . 
i love my new medium weight set up . 
this rig is still very reasonable . 
a good , usable drag makes a big difference . 
anxious to go when the weather is warm enough ! 
as always i say carry how you prefer not buy what others say . 
that being said i do nt use this holster too often 
i may buy the fobus ankle holster next . 
i have a mountain bike with a fatter boxier frame . 
15 seconds with a hacksaw fixed that problem though . 
it does n't affect the ability to expand contract the size . 
those flare - outs are purely aesthetic . 
i bought these for my candle lanterns . 
great starter bow . 
excellent craftsmanship . 
my son , daughter and i used this one together . 
my son is 14 and earned his archery merit badge using this bow . 
my daughter tried it . 
she 's 11 . 
i would say this one is just fine for beginner to intermediate . 
got this for a s w m p 15 - 22 . 
easily and securely mounts to the picatinny rails . 
pretty straight - forward on the sight - in as well . 
so i sent it back 
mouth guard case extraordinaire . 
thank you . 
no problems . 
i have made a good choice in buying this product . 
i own several of the banner scopes and all have functioned as expected . 
the banner series gets the job done every time 
and they do so for far less outlay of cash ! 
bottom line is they are perfect for their intended purpose for me ! 
this product does not meet the picatinny spec . 
the rails are too narrow and attached items fall off at the slightest touch . 
rail specs are .835   - .005 for width and my rails are .805 . 
these handlebars are old - school without the weight of steel and chrome . 
34    at 16 yards.it stopped in the second carton . 
placed eight 8   rounds into a single hole   3 8   
34      25 yards from bench rest . 
good enough for me 
and it seems to be as accurate as i can shoot . 
i would recommend this pellet without reservations .    
at least in my marauder .   
devastating on small pests . 
the price is reasonable . 
good product . 
what can i say , it 's a unitasker . 
when you need a pedal wrench , you need a pedal wrench . 
this one is solid and easy to use . 
lots of bang for the buck with this camera . 
it looks like a vehicle tail light . 
for example , the instructions recommend formatting the sd card in the camera . 
there is no menu setting for formatting the card . 
good camera , great battery life , good price . 
five stars . 
boy was i surprised ..... 
how can the military issue this thing with such better tools available .... 
its a pain to use and if its windy , forget it ! 
your shavings will blow away . 
it also appears to wear quite fast . 
i recommend swedish firesteel or another firesteel product . 
i just purchased . 
whoooo hoooo ! 
for butane fuel . 
well this worked great the first year ... 
but just does n't hold up to continuous rigorous use . 
mine broke .... 
i will buy a replacement 
the problems seem to arise as you begin to fill up the magazine . 
the treadmill is working and both my wife 
and i enjoy using it . 
assembly is simple enough and took me about 45 min . 
to put the whole thing together . 
fit and finish of plastic components can be improved . 
21 13update   
this is an awesome threadmill . 
i still use it and it 's great in the winter . 
no problem whatsoever ! 
poor bottle has taken a beating , and still works great . 
it has taken some pretty nasty falls which does n't help the dent situation . 
sturdy desk height table , which easily folds up into a suitcase type arrangement . 
easy to assemble and good for picnics . 
it 's the nature of the beast . 
i have a mazda 3 hatchback . 
thankfully the straps were long enough ! 
exactly as described - totally solid case   
this has good quality and great stitching . 
it holds together and the velcro will hold your weapon for several hours ! 
well worth the money . 
other mats go for way more money and take up alot of space . 
deflated this mat easily fits in a backpack . 
the construction seems solid .... 
ps do nt forget to buy a pump ! 
this will take forever to inflate by mouth . 
happy camper ! 
started off with a 4 oz . 
paste to try after hearing so many good things . 
liquid and paste . 
a good quality release    a cheap price . 
love it . 
fits most hands.nice buckle , easy to work with . 
will recomend . 
it also has a standard tripod mounting bracket 
purchased two of these for my mark 2 rifle in 22lr . 
gun and mounts are at the gunsmith for mounting and bore sighting . 
can not wait to get it back and visit the range . 
fair price and fast shipping . 
it turned out mushy and virtually flavorless . 
i bought a few   10 cans before i tried it in the pouch . 
i guess i 'll just keep those for an emergency . 
thicker and larger than i expected . 
it looks tough and is holding up well . 
i am really digging this air pistol . 
they all quit on me only months after purchasing them . 
it is pretty tough to cock , but it only needs it once 
and it 's ready to fire . 
i did n't buy this for plinking or target practice . 
2- it 's plenty powerful . 
and especially 3- it 's so quiet 
i have n't had to , thank god . 
but , it 's good to be prepared . 
the schwinn thrasher thrashed my cool image . 
but the truth is any helmet would have done the same thing . 
this is a value - priced helmet to be sure . 
a couple drawbacks that i ' m sure are related to the price . 
first , the visor . 
it pops off if you touch it . 
it exists more for asthetics than for function . 
still , it should stay on , should n't it ? 
also , the chinstrap comes undone very easily . 
i have to wear it very loose 
not sure why this is 
and it will prevent your brains from being ultimately hosed off the street . 
worth the cost . 
pleasantly surprised . 
my wife uses it for gardening landscaping and i use it when mowing etc . 
might have to purchase another . 
this knife goes for around   35 , and it is worth 
it.smith and wesson is n't really making these knives , taylor brands is . 
however , they ' ve done a decent job . 
they 're solid , but not at all ergonomic . 
this does n't bother me , but it will bother some folks . 
i ' m talking to you ontario knife company 
.weight thickness . 
a con , but also a pro . 
the one i got had a good grind , and was easy to sharpen . 
it also stayed sharp for a decent amount of time.it 's a good knife . 
i used this for a backpacking trip on the arizona trail . 
on our last day of backpacking we slept at closer to 8200 ft 
and i was actually so warm 
i own a rock river arms with a flat top and quad rail handguard . 
they make it much easier to use the zippers without removing your gloves . 
it was great and totally did its job . 
i would totally recommend this to anyone that is making the similar trip ! 
i like this tool for everyday rides . 
i have several other multi tools that have spoke wrenches , chain crackers etc . 
but this is all you need . 
i get my change on quick collar and move one . 
no problems yet 
but i could wear them out 
eventually i do nt know . 
if i do i will buy another set . 
i learned that from reading reviews before i made the mistake . 
it happens in this world sometimes . 
you can not go wrong with magpul branded products as they are well manufactured . 
you just ca nt beat this lamp for the price ! 
there is no plastic except the light nob . 
the glass globe even lifts like its a real lantern with a flame . 
i need to get another   chris olsen 
this is a really bright light . 
i use it on my helmet . 
i feel this is a neat device .... 
i also think for   5.00 
they could still make a nice profit and sell twice as many . 
a stronger plastic bag would be recommended . 
i purchased this for a camping trip over the summer to south dakota . 
i slept like a baby every night . 
definitely compared to a thermarest .. 
processing and shipping was slow for this item , not something 
i ' m used to when dealing with amazon . 
this is a good box for sending your kid off to camp . 
bonus is the hole for a pad lock . 
these are light weight and more than adequate for the job . 
priced very well.have n't used them yet at the time of this review posting . 
i did change out the basketball , 
went with a    34 sponge   34   ball ... 
the laser was good while it lasted . 
after dry firing for 3 minutes or so , the laser began to dim . 
guess this product could n't handle the shock from the slide on my compact 9mm.some 
may disagree , but i think the installation process is ridiculous and overly complicated . 
if you still plan on buying this , you may have a different experience . 
your laser may work and you may love the fit for your firearm . 
i was n't so lucky . 
would i recommend it ? 
i bought this headlamp for my 9 y.o . 
son to use on our camping trips and the occasional dog walk at night . 
for the price it 's tough to beat . 
i ' ve purchased several of these stoves and they are fantastic . 
other than free , i do n't know how much better it could get . 
each one works quickly every time . 
i have them in every b.o.b . 
with a can of fuel . 
he was having trouble getting his to light . 
not me , one click and i was heating my food ! 
great product , load up ! 
i wanted the extra thick mat for the extra cushion and got just that . 
decent cleaning kit for ar15 at a decent price . 
can   .50 
cal ammo can with 3 customizable trays in it . 
brushes are standard stuff . 
well , it does that and does it well . 
also , the price is good . 
lyman cast bullet handbook 4th edition 
i like it 
good book but a person should have the 3rd . 
addition before getting this one.3rd . 
has way more starting info . 
these work great for the range . 
whether you are shooting indoors or outdoors , using handgun or rifle . 
i purchased these and the 6 inch tagets . 
one of spyderco 's more expensive model knives 
but it is true spyderco quality . 
great sheath and razor sharp out of the box . 
the handle is very comfortable and i love the micarta texture and feel . 
this holster fits the walther ppq perfectly . 
highly recommend this holster . 
does what it says on the tin . 
something that i could carry with my a5 . 
well ... i bought the t8.1 and got a box of 100 rounds . 
i love that . 
out of my first box of 100 
though i did break one shot in my barrel . 
i tried to shoot as fast as i could and it did chop one . 
in my book , a much cooler style . 
intended use is for a tiberius arms marker . 
but please do n't let color stop you from missing out on this fun . 
i hope i helped you ... thanks for reading . 
the assembly was quick and all the parts tools were there . 
the transaction went smoothly and thanks to prime 
the knife uses the cpm m4 steel just like its bigger brother . 
the knife is very lightweight and disappears in your pocket . 
very soft , very nice , very - very - very - incredible grip ! 
mat strongly glued to floor and my hands and feet glued to mat . 
highly recommend this mat to all yogins as best of the best mats . 
great bottle , i would highly recommend it . 
i have no idea what sort of wood it is 
but i suppose it 's better than being shipped with no protection whatsoever.overall 
it 's a good starter bo staff for someone to train with   
you could do worse . 
got this for my 9 year old who just started archery in school . 
she really likes it . 
but she wears a glove when shooting 
and it helps absorb the shock . 
seriously , this is great for running . 
i feel comfortable with this   150 version . 
i used this to make para cord bracelets . 
worked perfectly , looks good . 
have n't tested break strength or anything , happy with product 
i buy and use these bbs all the time.imo 
reason.unless you like unjaming warped daisy brand bbs from your gun . 
initially it felt fine . 
after about two hours , my bum and upper legs began to hurt ... 
not something i 'd experienced before on numerous international flights . 
i tried placing the cushion in various positions and it had no positive impact . 
i finally pulled the cushion out and sat on the normal seat . 
i am 5'9   34   and 205 pounds . 
it is made of rugged material and auto - inflates . 
it deflates quite easily and folds up for travel . 
it came with two 50 shell trays and it has a lockable latch . 
but i would not trust it for long term storage 
the box does have a rubber seal around the lid 
these are pricey    
i would have expected better security from pelican . 
these are working well . 
it seemsto work . 
i need to use longer to see how they fair . 
i ' m more than happy to go work out with it every evening . 
the derailleur was very easy to install and very easy to adjust . 
very thankful i chose thisone . 
the derailleur works very good and ilove it on my bike . 
would highly reccomend for mountain bikes . 
love it ! ! ! ! 
great quality ! 
i bought it for my girlfriend . 
it 's a ball . 
that you fill with air . 
it seems well made , and does n't lose air . 
what else is there to say ? 
i ' m 5 ' 4   34   
and it fits me well . 
it 's chinese made , it does n't say so on the blade anywhere . 
i whittled a stick today 
and it was still sharp enough to clean some fish . 
this is stainless steel .... 
you will not regret it.obama sucks ! 
this horn works great . 
it 's loud and gets the clueless dog walkers and   
i mean , who can get mad at a cheesy clown horn ? 
now , the tricky part . 
some handlebars or parts of handlebars are a bit too thick for them . 
i have a bontrager crowbar handlebar on my trek hybrid . 
i know , i ' m one of those   one issue   posters . 
do you know what it does n't say ? 
no amounts , no instructions , no listing of how much detergent to use . 
how much is 150ml of the stuff ? 
i have no idea 
- i do n't have anything that measures 
we 're so great for waterproof gear   label . 
and because that   do n't use detergent on your waterproof gear !   
label was so important.well , i guesstimated and put 2 caps of detergent in . 
nikwax treatments are highly effective and long lasting . 
thick material and well stitched . 
all it advertised is what it is . 
nice touch is the padded adjustable shoulder strap . 
very nice carrier.no pinching or digging in while hiking . 
i bought this for my sig m400 and it is everything i wanted . 
it is similiar to the cleaning kit i used in the army . 
its a good basic cleaning kit for anyone who has an m4 style rifle . 
these are the only mags i can find for my g36 . 
i have already lost some points on a few of them . 
i bought this light to mount on my quad rail . 
it fits great and is snug . 
the light itself is bright and seems to be pretty durable . 
it 's great if you want to just use the end cap button . 
as for the pressure switch it is not reliable . 
these are ok but for the price 
but i would check into a camelbak bottle and purchase one of them . 
the bottom piece   5th picture on here   can come loose easily . 
it 's small 
so it 's nice to carry it around . 
only 3 stars because my bottom half keeps popping out on me . 
i personally feel that everyone should use neoprene as their winter work gloves . 
i ' m a typical 5'11   34   male with smaller hands . 
i try to get medium gloves whenever possible . 
so i bought the large here and am glad i did . 
i ' m in ohio under 1 ' of snow 
and it 's anywhere from the teens to 30deg 
it is strongly made . 
for the price it is a great deal . 
gives you a factory crimp that the two die sets do not . 
this , with it 's molle straps , fit onto my shoulder bag perfectly . 
the mask fits with room for more stuff . 
great little pouch . 
this mini organizer fits the bill very well . 
recommended for all who need an edc bag . 
this are nice for dry firing ... 
instructions are easy to follow , but take your time installing . 
some steps require manual dexterity to get it right . 
this is the 2nd kit i ' ve installed on my s 
w m p pistols . 
trigger pull and reset are out of this world compared to the stock trigger . 
a shame s w does n't install an ignition system as awesome as this . 
i 'd gladly pay the extra money up front when purchasing the pistol . 
no matter , just install one of these and see for yourself . 
money and time well worth spent . 
great fit and awesome size . 
works for lefties or righties . 
it 's very small and portable - you can clip it just about anywhere 
that is convenient for you and it will work . 
it is really good one.and the shelth is fine too . 
i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!asdfeg tghasrtg aergaevb rga ergvrfr df rgtfgbav rt5y245 
this glock is perfect for my glock 23 i took the little bolt off 
so its not so tight 
perfect fit , works just as advertised . 
very sturdy . 
no joke , i ve served with the usmc 
so i have seen my share of gear . 
well made , more features than listed . 
stitching good . comes with strap holders on it already . 
this will take a beating . 
it is a bit stiff but that is just fine with me . 
i may look at other condor products now , first one i ve owned ... 
no problems there.they 're easy to turn off and on . 
i do n't suspect they would be easy to turn on accidentally either . 
i do not think this material will last very long in hard use . 
i challenge you , however , to find a better deal on electronic muffs . 
the decibal suppression does work as stated . 
it will shut off the mic if you snap your fingers close to it . 
the sensitivity is good.i 'd buy these again . 
i think the price is fair and the quality is there . 
okay , get ready to laugh at me . 
it was n't playing possum , it was baring its teeth ! 
i finally grab the dog up so the opossum could get away . 
i somehow feel safer know 
i can use the bullhorn to make a loud noise to frighten them off . 
i also bought a very powerful flashlight to scan the yard ! 
i never had these issues when i had german shepherds . 
animals kept away from my yard . 
an excellent enhancement to my tipton gun vise . 
i have always been a big fan of sog products . 
my knife has always been one extra thing to put in my pocket . 
i am a police officer 
so i have a badge wallet that does not have a cash area -- 
so i use a money clip . 
i use this knife as my money clip . 
the knife is very sharp and is easy to open . 
the cleaner is quiet and works as described . 
tumbles cases clean and shiny in a short time . 
good value for the money . 
works great . 
bigger than i actually thought or need 
but that 's because i did n't read the description well enough . 
the clips came and were good quality . 
i 'd recommend it for the shooter . 
it came quickly and met my expectations . 
item was for a replacement set . 
these printed a   6   group at 12 yds , with some flyers . 
useless for hunting , useless for target practice . 
do n't waste your money . 
makes it easy to change calibers for reloading . 
the only decent rimfire i found . 
when i read about inflatable kayaks i was interested , but skeptical . 
i have the skeg , and did n't have any problems with tracking . 
at the far end of the lake , i used a 5 lb . 
anchor while fishing several small coves . 
it worked perfectly . 
you 're a serious , hardcore kayaker 
... go buy a kayak . 
mine fit fine on the sharpmaker 
precision machined , easy to mount , very sturdy . 
these are used on a .30 - 06 rifle with a nikon prostaff scope . 
rifle is a pack rifle so it take its share of getting banged around . 
the burris rings help keep the scope zeroed under these conditions . 
i bought one of these because the sks i bought had a broken handguard . 
installation is also quick and painless . 
i purchased a sog stinger and it did n't come with a sheath . 
i knew i would need one 
so i looked around and the measurements all worked so i made the purchase . 
inexpensive item big on value . 
it fit my new knife perfectly . 
the knife was snug and tight . 
i was impressed . 
one of the great finds her on amazon.com . perfect ! 
this is my first outdoor camera . 
to use you can just insert the card into your computer slot . 
it also has a setting 
i now feel more secure knowing something is watching my house !   
this lantern runs of the coleman camping fuel or unleaded   hence dual fuel   
so hopefully you never run out of fuel for it.fuel 
seems to last an insanely long amount of time . 
it 's protective against league balls hitting the face . 
it does more than that in practice . 
i highly recommend it , especially for hard ball . 
first of all , this is a great looking product and fits good . 
however , they put neoprene inside which makes you sweat twice as much . 
kind of defies the purpose of the product . 
you pretty much get one use before having to launder and dry each time . 
i love this lantern . 
it is exactly what we need for camping with kids . 
i would recommend this to anyone camping , or cooking outdoors . 
good jersey , very light wieght and breatheable . 
he squeezes it but it does n't honk anymore . 
i guess it 's defective 
so we 're sending it back and will find another one . 
what a bummer . 
i received this product as part of my participation in the amazon vines program . 
it has worked decently so far . 
these darts are ok . 
this stuff has the smaller inner strands inside the nylon outer sleeve . 
dozens of survival uses . 
it 's sturdy and if anyone cares to know it looks nice . 
great glasses . 
i would buy these again if needed . 
can not feel them under any hearing protection . 
this rod rack is actually better than i expected . 
stands up - right and is sturdy enough . 
and it is really bright.i highly recommend it . 
it works . 
nothing like a free hard core leg back massage whenever i want . 
great for warming up before a work out as well . 
after using it my back has a nice lose , tingling relaxed feel . 
very good deal . 
very good unit . 
i love this thing . 
easy to use , and crimps perfectly every time . 
highly recommend if you want the best result for your reload . 
bought this for a .44mag and works awesome . 
made this pistol much easier to control , and helped absorb the shock 
these are great . 
i get the ones with one tapered side and one normal . 
excellent for cleaning my guns . 
great for getting in corners . 
i used these to help me with crossfit . 
fits my wrist and is almost decorative . 
better quality than i expected for a paracord . 
definitely strong and durable ! 
we use it to tie stuff down in the truck . 
fairly elastic nylon . 
100 feet long , not too thick so easy to use . 
love that it is mildew resistant . 
does it all . 
replaces many of my other cleaning , lubing and protective products . 
over a 100 years of performance.a must have for anyone . 
well designed for ' harsh ' demand of usage . 
i would advise to never tighten it as much as you can . 
always err on the side of caution and under tighten . 
just wrap the threads in teflon tape to prevent leaking . 
got pads for kids so it holds better and does not slide off 
they are really thin teens . 
great protection and cover 
the energizer led pop up is a pretty cool little lantern . 
and it does put out some light . 
but the light is really bright and gets in your eyes 
it wraps around the bottom and keeps the top down . 
the light does n't shine direct enough to use it as a walking lantern . 
except for the button issue i would rate this 5 stars . 
no biggie ! 
everything i needed for assembly was there , including instructions . 
this holster is ok .... 
i have another holster that i purchased from academy sports that is higher quality ..... 
good to protect the firearm . 
had this on my rig for a few years now . 
unlike my rear sights , this thing has lasted with no problems ! 
it 's construction and design is solid ! 
perfect set for camping with the family . 
mine came with a few scratches though . 
the aluminum material keeps this rugged center stand light compared with other options . 
this is small , but it does n't claim to be big . 
it 's hard to fill the bladder , though . 
especially on the fly . 
i 'll be getting a different model for next season . 
i run magic gear on my igh setup . 
5 stars . 
you will not be disappointed with this product . 
this trimmer uses a bearing to hold the casing   shell . 
as a result the casing is not scored or marred during the trimming process . 
per the instructions i set the length using a correctly trimmed casing . 
no more hand trimming for me ! 
i ' m 60 years old , 5'9 , and not especially muscular . 
i hate gyms - 
i hate going there , getting organized , having others watch me , etc . 
this gym solves those problems . 
still , for the price , great deal . 
and it does n't make you listen to bad music while you work out . 
these are designed to take the bacteria out of the water . 
it does n't make the water crystal clear . 
excellent for search and rescue . 
i like to be able to change cassettes easily . 
i very much like the pin feature . 
there is something about a big knife ... 
really nice , good quality , nice firestarter , length is awesome . 
definitely worth it . . 
it was clearly time to upgrade . 
which is an upgrade for me . 
the voice is more pleasant than the 265wt too . 
all - in - all 
it 's a good unit . 
i was equally impressed . 
i got this one for my remington shotgun and love it . 
very easy to install , and extremely accurate . 
i would highly recommend this to anyone that owns a s w mp shield . 
i can say the same about the watch . 
the threads stripped the first time i screwed the lid on . 
the only difference is the walmart container does not have the mirror . 
do n't waste your money on this thing . 
poor quality threading and the item is way overpriced . 
this bottle is a handful . 
but that is exactly what i wanted . 
a big container to carry in my emergency bug - out - bag . 
the wide mouth is easy to fill . 
great quality , very very sharp and a breeze to keep that way . 
love the shape and weight - the sheath is excellent quality . 
it does exactly what it is supposed to . 
can not get much easier to assemble . 
but , i never knew how weak my abs were . 
splat ! ! 
this is going to be tough . 
the range finder reticle is nice as well . 
everything functions perfectly . 
i would buy this scope again for sure . 
we shall see . 
good solid bipod for very little cost ! 
overall i love it , i ' m 
6 foot about 185 lbs 
and it fit great ! 
also really like the little wooden holders on each pouch . 
deserved.the glove is very soft and has a great feel on your hand . 
it appears to be very well made with consistent stitching . 
i ' ve had a few msr stoves over the years . 
always reliable and dependable not to mention rugged . 
i was intrigued with this model the ability to use canisters and white gas . 
stove is great , easy to switch from one fuel system to another . 
only compliant is it 's weight . 
not that light   then again they never were . 
otherwise a rock sold stove , will be my primary stove going forward . 
i ' ve used this stove twice now on two separate backpacking trips . 
both times with canister fuel . 
simmer control is good , very stable cooking surface . 
with wind , i would estimate close to zero degrees . 
however , the canister configuration worked very well in those conditions . 
i was impressed   
inverting the fuel can works well in very cold temperatures . 
this is not msr or snow peak , so do n't expect that . 
what it is , however , is a good value . 
this pot performs fine , and is well manufactured . 
this toaks pot is well worth the money . 
the classic ka - bar is one of the best knives ever made . 
fits a canteen cup and and gi canteen . 
you have to extend the strap quite a bit to make the it fit 
and then it 's kind of sloppy , but it does work with molle 
so i ' m good with that .. 
good quality and nice little pockets for purification tablets , etc . 
fits the nalgene 32 oz widemouth perfectly . 
the sleeve also provides a bit of insulation . 
the carabiner gives easy hooking options . 
not sure i 'll bother with them , however . 
enter the apex kit . 
i suppose that 's why they invented the ram and fss 
the best swivel sets you can buy . very sturdy . 
i like the screw type 
so you can lock them down . 
quite heavily constructed , so holds bike very securely and in many convenient positions . 
and folds up very nicely fit storage or transport . 
no only that , but the water coming out of it tastes   awful . 
i filled it with normal tasting , safe drinking water . 
i flushed it twice as per the instructions and it never tastes any better . 
this is well worth the money ! 
very nice , strong . 
well built . 
this sight works great on my m p 15 - 22 . 
looks nice , holds zero , and the batteries last a long time . 
it has both a red and green option . 
my daughter loves to ride in this seat . 
big block o ' calories . 
its great for what it is , emergency food . 
if i had no other choice i would gladly eat this over 
also comes with a carrying duffel bag for transport . 
it is much bigger than pictures convey . 
this knife is super solid , and the weight of is perfect ! 
i gave 5 for the money because they fit and work well so far . 
sps .308 bolt action . 
i did n't ding the star count down 
but , my only complaint is the name tag . 
i may attempt to remove it with a razor . 
for the money it 's definitely worth trying . 
amazon 's packaging was great . 
these hold tight and work very well with the molle on my pack . 
i would recommend them to anyone who needs a reliable pair of straps . 
this is a must have for ice fishing . 
we just threw it in our sled with our ice shanty and supplies . 
i attempted to dig my nail into it and make an indentation 
but i had no luck . 
this was one of the stars of my recent camping trip . 
it was durable , and held a lot of water . 
i plan on buying a second one . 
got this on sale , and it 's working out fairly well so far . 
setup was n't too complicated either . 
http    www.amazon.com 
imitation - sheepskin - padded - bicycle - cover dp b000nziosm ref sr_1_6?ie utf8 
i was wanting something that would break the winds as it get cooler . 
i am what some call a   snow bird   
i just do n't like the cold winds . 
i love the fabric and the way it fits . 
i am 5'7.5     5 ' 8   and 185 lbs . 
the large fits fine . 
i am almost to my goal weight   
if you have a warm base layer this is a great addition . 
my only wish is that the back pocket had a zipper . 
the fabric is water resistant as advertise . 
i did layer with a thermal base layer and shirt . 
it was between 28 and 34 degrees . 
not sure if i could ask for much more in a wind breaker . 
very satisfied . 
i literally the this item away 
this pack is amazing ! 
i love everything about this product 
there 's really nothing bad to say about it at all . 
this bag works well for the ar-15 i bought my boyfriend . 
not bad for the price ! 
this is a great exercise program . 
it will push even further than the original insanity . 
plus you actually work with weights in this one . 
well worth the money . 
i left my knife in the woods one day . 
but i m gona buy another one . 
and sure as heck 
i m gona buy another one of these belt clips . 
works great . 
holds it in place . 
i did nt use it that one time , and forgot my knife . 
pictures just do nt do a ka bar justice . 
i m not exaggerating , ka bar is incredible and awe inspiring to behold . 
this is an amazing knife and worthy of its reputation . 
do nt waste your money on some crazy expensive   survival   
quality seemed okay . 
order a size smaller than normal . 
it was medium complicated to assemble it . 
i push it back into the hole all the times . 
i will ask for help from someone . 
overall , this is a cute , small , joyful vehicle for toddlers . 
i knew it was less than i should be getting , 
crossman is such a rip - off . 
i will be buying more of their products in the future . 
i bought these as back ups for my israeli civilian gas mask . 
the filters are permanently sealed in plastic , so 
i ' m pretty sure they have not been compromised . 
otherwise , i would have rated this five star . 
i ' ve got one , 
so that 's why i only gave it 3 stars . 
short barrel   3   34   or so   should have no problems . 
if i had one like that i 'd have given it 5 stars 
deeper than salute 's clip .-weight . 
see my other reviews for further evidence of that . 
this was a perfect size for a four day hike in . 
i really like the way 
the spout on the bottle pours and it has a really positive open closed system 
it looks like i finally found the airbed i ' ve been looking for . 
an airbed that stays firm . 
the air pump turns off automatically when the desired firmness setting is reached . 
it also turns off automatically after deflating . 
i do n't know whether it lost air overnight or not . 
i do know that i never heard the secondary pump turn on . 
things you should be aware of are   
it folds up a little wider because of the two pumps . 
the secondary pump requires the ac cord to remain powered . 
left the secondary pump powered the first night but not the other nights . 
the matttress held air either way . 
i ' ve repaired 3 leaks . 
it i started hearing the never - flat turning on quite often . 
the hardest part on this repair was finding the leak . 
i applied a lezyne bike patch and immediately inflated the bed and problem solved . 
i verified there was a leak by unplugging the cord . 
i found a pinhole on the velvet top . 
but i was still losing air . 
i found another leak nearby . 
it seems that the velvet can get weak points on creases . 
see repair 3.3   i should have done this for repair   2 
but i ' m still learning . 
i inflated the bed and problem solved.again 
the buckle looks as if it could stop a bullet too . 
they come extra long so just cut with scissors and singe with a lighter . 
it goes great with my new paratrooper pants . 
this is a great product ! 
i bought the 3 16   34   roll of cord . 
now i have enough for anything that comes up . 
i purchased two 50 foot lengths . 
this is extremely hard on the hands . 
i went with a smaller diameter simply because it packs tighter and smaller ... 
hey , it works for me . 
heavy , sturdy . 
blade is briddle . 
not a knife you will pass down . 
good for stuff you would not do with an expensive knife . 
good for keeping in a tool box or glove box . 
its no buck . 
i was n't disappointed . 
the saya was polished and a lovely shade of red .   
these gloves were exactly as expected . 
they are very durable and fit the same as any other pair of gloves . 
the velcro around the wrist is quite nice for keeping them on . 
they are water - permeable 
i would definitely recommend these over scuba gloves that are   40 
everything with this purchase went perfectly , no problems    ! ! ! ! 
these are very high quality , very durable , i would buy them again . 
the kit comes as advertised . 
it has a nice solid steel rod compared to those flimsy aluminum cleaning kits . 
these rings are well made and very solid . 
so far i ' ve had no issues at all . 
they do the job for a lot less than others . 
very good targets that i use for practice every week . 
costing me about a third of what i was paying at the range . 
he can float on his own and is n't impeded too much . 
i highly recommend this product for little swimmers who get frustrated with other floats . 
can not wait to use this on our next camping trip this summer ! 
hi , i purchased mine in december of 2011 . 
so in case of an emergency it can will be available . 
i have found no negatives , and find it sturdy and reliable . 
i just ordered a few as gifts . 
so i like these a lot . 
, i 'll be sure to follow up .hope 
this helped si vis pacemessayons ... 
cold steel makes very good products . 
i will be buying another one of these machetes for a friend . 
very good construction making it very durable . 
blade is perfect thickness making machete right on balance in your hand . 
great product . 
no complaints . 
i had heard good things about umarex products . 
after buying this rifle i do n't recommend it unless it 's a fluke . 
generally what 's made by mr . 
lee across the sea cares about only profit and certainly not quality . 
it 's a solid feeling gun . 
the trigger is adjustable . 
i did n't think it was made in china at all . 
it 's as loud as 22lr short round . 
i was afraid my neighbors thought i fired a real rifle . 
the second report was even louder . 
so do n't think it 's going to be quiet . 
a projectile has to be sub sonic in order to be silenced . 
i got it with in an inch with the last click . 
it 's a real beach to cock the first time . 
i way 230 around 6 ' and ex - infantry . 
they seem to get easier but i only fired 10 or rounds . 
i thought it was damaged the first time i tried to cock it . 
are pros to this rifle though . 
the recoil is much better than a low end crossman i have . 
i think the weight helps out some . 
it looks even better in your hands . 
almost flimsy if you will . 
i did like that a lot . 
the pistol grip is nice too . 
if you 're just plinking and use a scope it should work for you . 
i do a lot of close up shooting in my back yard for varmints and 
over priced , fast fps , very loud report . 
this should be priced at 150 - 175 in my opinion . 
i hope my iron sighting issue was just a random defect . 
this could be a great rifle for the current price . 
i spent the weekend using this trimmer . 
done.it sounds ridiculous i know . 
but once you get the hang of it does get easier . 
the directions are really bad ... 
i connected the cable and it put just a slight tension on it . 
works perfectly ! 
installed on a cheaper mongoose version mountain bike ... 
a common problem apparently . 
i had to straighten that out before installing this new one ... 
that 's sort of up to nature though is n't it ? 
its paracord . 
how much of a review do you need . 
the color is true and it works for making bracelets . 
nice looking bag , has plenty of room for my usage . 
but for the meantime , the price is decent . 
the frontloader and king cobra do n't pool water . 
two design flaws keep these from being perfect . 
otherwise good features , especially with respect to the tightening strap mechanism . 
this is a very sharp knife . 
the hairs do n't just get shaved off my arm   
they fly off like they 're being spewed out of a lawn mower . 
it is stiff and awkward . 
it still is n't perfect , but a good sheath . 
i am changing my rating from four to five stars . 
my dad was also into watches and tended to love a bigger solid watch . 
i was wrong!first , 
let me say that this watch comes in a really nice box . 
i literally have book weights and paperweights that weigh less than this watch ! 
this watch weighs 8.2 ounces -- 
just over 1 2 a pound ! ! 
to quote him   it looks really impressive but its huge . 
i was pleasantly surprised by this knife . 
it was much better quality than i was expecting . 
so far would recommend it 
i live in   tornado alley   in the midwest , kansas city area . 
it was a typical hot and sticky midwest summer evening . 
not one square inch of the tent exterior had any chance of staying dry . 
this tent weathers the storm ! ! ! 
but coleman makes up for it with 
the setup of this tent is so easy that it makes 
this very convenient.6   
i ' ve been involved in the boy scout program for decades 
and i ' ve used my share of tents . 
however , do n't let this deter you from this tent . 
perfect.2   the bag that holds this thing is huge . 
this is a very good bipod and for the price it is a good deal.i 
believe it is a little hard to work 
but i have arthritis in my hands . 
for the price this cartridge holder does the job . 
very simple design and use for the price . 
i would recommend . 
put it on my bike , seems sturdy enough . 
also has the license plate holes on the back . 
i like this quite a bit except it does n't fit in my pockets . 
so i carry it in my knapsack when out . 
i expect it to last a long time . 
27 stripers in 1 day , in 3 hours , no this jig . 
what else can i say ? 
tip it with berkely gulp , and it 's a magnet . 
i have many of these in all sizes . 
as beautiful and patriotic as our nation 's flag in flight . 
this disc flies straight , takes a beating and keeps on trucking . 
the awesome graphics atop this frisbee simply amplified my 4th of july weekend . 
the temp that night was 38f . 
definetly rated down to 0f . 
and for the price , a must by for colder weather camping . 
wonderful product i will be doing more shopping with this seller . 
about the right width for my type of riding also . 
added extra brushes and some traditional items and so far very pleased . 
i definitely like the galati gear products 
im being serious . 
and it 's very difficult to find belts that will be usefull . 
a lot of them are difficult to adjust , while this uses velcro . 
me like it . 
this is an almost a necessity . 
i use these regularly and have been impressed . 
the set it well made and does exactly what it is supposed to do . 
these were much cheaper than at brick and mortar stores too . 
great waterproofing wax . 
i bought this for my work boots and it seems to work great . 
it keeps them waterproof and also conditions the leather . 
i would recommend this product . 
just what i wanted for my squeeze . 
everything works according to plan . 
this was purchased as a backup holster . 
the product is durable and works well for its purpose . 
the draw takes so getting to use to . 
i would not depend on my life on the speed of draw . 
this rail is much better than the stock one . 
nothing fancy and super easy to install . 
i use this on a stag 3gl and it functions perfectly . 
the burris quick detach mount is nice too if you are a righty . 
still functions fine though . 
i like it . 
fits a nalgene bottle wonderfully . 
i wish they were closer to   15 in price though . 
i paid about 25 . 
most likely due to how they packaged the mags . 
the envelope was torn up but luckily none if the mags were damaged . 
anyways the mags themselves get five stars . 
kwa does a great job with these mags , i love them ! 
the polymer is durable and the mags have contour grooves for increased grip . 
they all feed flawlessly in my g g cm16 , cm18 and masada acr . 
i have n't experienced any problems yet 
but if i do , maintinence is really easy . 
the floorplates can come off and the mags are compatible with magpul ranger plates . 
the best mags i ' ve used so far .   
oh yeah , the picture may show a stanag 
but you 'll actually be getting the kwa k120 polymer mags . 
amazon keeps changing the picture . 
these are great targets at a great price.i use these almost every weekend . 
even the picture looks to be of metal construction . 
after a year it is still very sharp . 
my mother - in - law abuses hers 
you can not go wrong purchasing this scope . 
they work great for their intended use as liners . 
inside mittens , they add significant warmth relative to the mittens alone . 
best value for money . 
so i ended up super - gluing few to some watch bands . 
it is designed to be a temporary fix . 
it 's more olive green . 
fde seems to be the popular trend nowadays 
, it 's fantastic ! ! 
i purchased this cap to use on my pathfinder schools 32 oz . 
but i wish it was cheaper , 4 stars for this reason . 
bought these grips for my armscor   aka rock island armory   1911 . 
they fit nicely after shaving down the left side grip . 
this is my third grip from hogue , will continue to purchase their products . 
the gauge is accurate enough to use on the road . 
excellent grouping at 40 yards . 
the green is.this is so simple to use 
the magnet is very strong and yet easy to mount and dismount . 
just put it on , get it closely centered and go to work . 
birchwood casey , pack of 90 , 2-inch 
target spots works great on steel resetable targets or on paper will buy more . 
works great for sks rounds at 100 yards . 
they 're big , easy to see , and holes are easy to see . 
has become my edc knife of late . 
thin not fat in the hand . 
makes it easy to grip with no slippage . 
was concerned that it might be too big and heavy . 
it 's not . 
kershaw did a great job of getting the weight down without sacrificing quality . 
i own a few benchmade self assist and their quality speaks for themselves . 
the lockliner is a little thin but does the job as expected . 
no worries . 
pocket clip a little small , but functional . 
this was not a warranty issue at all 
but , kershaw repaired and returned in a timely manner at   no charge ! 
thanks kershaw ! ! ! 
as stated above , for the price , this holster is great . 
so far it appears to be well made and fits well on my leg . 
better that than being too small i guess . 
i purchased this product to replace the fixed sights on my m 
p   15 - 22 , a flat topped .22 cal ar . 
these are my findings 1 . 
the screw is an 5 32 allen wrench sized head . 
service was on time and packaging was actually above expectations . 
the seller took extra care to pack this item well . 
canteen.i highly recommend this seller and this item . 
the rack was easy to install and very sturdy . 
the instructions area helpful but almost not necessary . 
a great rack for the price . 
can not wait to get my panniers to test them out on this beauty . 
i started out looking for something more than the usual ground mat . 
i bought this pad in conjunction with a military style cot . 
the removable cover on the pad made the difference   foam density . 
the foam should be denser for adult use . 
saying that , it 's still provides another level of cushion . 
i 'd recommend doing this . 
i ' m not sure how resistant the cover is . 
this should n't be a problem for a practiced camper . 
the pad rolls up small enough for car camping . 
water - proof sleeping bag covers for daytime storage are a good idea anyway . 
i used this to line the top of the railing on my atv trailer . 
i do n't want to my buddies to see me cry !   
the adhesive is holding very well . 
so far so good . 
works as advertised ! 
sticks to itself well and does n't leave adhesive on anything else . 
i would definatley recommend this product . 
got it as an add on item for like 3 dollars . 
works good and hangs right on my golf bag . 
i have owned it for almost two weeks . 
love it at first sight . 
very accurate , stylist , and easy to operate . 
i have shot about 500 - 600 pellets with it . 
my son also loves it so much . 
we share the gun every afternoon in our back yard . 
the gun is well constructed and easy to operate . 
some have complained about the straps . 
i only see them as aggravation if you are messing with them . 
once i put the helmet on the straps never come to mind . 
i am glad i didn   8217 t listen to the strap complaints . 
this is a great set to own . 
note that what you receive does n't look exactly like the picture . 
but the case is still nice . 
ingenious , i know . 
i imagine turning it into a rivet would be the best solution ... 
i just used a pair of dykes and cut it flat . 
easy to install with easy to follow directions . 
easy to use . 
it comes with a spare reel and it casts very nicely . 
very durable than the leather sheath that normally comes with the knife . 
very happy with my purchase . 
has a locking ability that keeps the knife very secure a 
i love these socks . 
i ve used these in both the office and on the trail . 
they are my everyday and everywhere sock . 
- dummy 12 gauge training rounds . 
i have had no problems with them , and they are holding up well . 
these work great . 
would be great if they had all while   like the original   valves 
so i can see if they are dirty or clean . 
well made with good stitching and zippers . 
size is perfect for the application that i am using it for . 
i really do like this holster . 
this has been my every day carry knife for about a year . 
i ' ve got zero complaints.the blade stays nice and sharp . 
the auto open feature allows nice , quick one handed opening . 
it    34 snicks   34   open with authority . 
the two types of steel in the blade really give the blade character . 
but i also do n't use this for cutting food , either . 
these are great and give you a little bit longer lop . 
in any case they fit well and will stay put . 
i have tried others and these are the only ones i buy . 
my 14 year old son took a 250 lb . 
hog at the all about 
you ranch with one . 
old school rules . 
put the hog down fast with it . 
i love these ! ! 
i ' ve used them on my wrists and ankles . 
they do stretch out a bit 
so if you find they are too tight you can stretch them out 
and they 'll be okay . 
so i 'd say buy separate pairs for your ankles and wrists . 
you can easily use 3 on each arm or leg   gradually increase weights . 
very comfortable ! ! 
i 'd even buy these if i can find them used . 
just steam them to make sure they are clean . 
i keep an eye out for them when i go to garage sales . 
one word of caution - 
i found this happens with valeo and cory everson . 
using powder seems to help a little . 
the item is as advertised . 
it screwed right on my blackhawk drop leg platform . 
it even comes with the screws ! 
i am very satisfied with this item ! 
, they shoot very well in a gamo cfr , will be ordering more 
i bought two types of mwave bags . 
had them for more than a year . 
the name speaks for itself . 
the pedals are a little heavy , but that s because they are heavy duty 
i guess . 
the picture does n't pick up on this ... 
the fix of - course is to drill out the threads on the tool . 
this is my second finis snorkel - the first one lasted about a year . 
i probably could have fixed it but just bought a second one 
and i 'll use the first one for spare parts . 
consequently i do n't use the splash - guard thingy . 
someone else discribed this knife as being for hobbits . 
they are two completely differnt products . 
check out the kabar mark 1 navy knife 
it is excellent . 
i received my laser boresighter and could not be more pleased with it . 
it saved me alot of ammo . 
anyone that has a .223 or a 5.56 rifle should have this . 
great product that is easy to use . 
would recommend!edit   after about a week of use , the gun broke . 
the mag release also snapped off . 
crap gun . 
great color would purchase again if needed .... 
i had been looking for this for a while . 
amazon had it in the returns section . 
do n't be fooled by the low price ! 
this light is bright , functional , tough and stylish . 
definitely consider getting this . 
for the price it is a great aluminum base . 
this is for your long ride ... over a weekend . 
but i liked it . 
but i did sleep really well 
but it is summer here 
and it stays hot all night , 
they are aslo light 
so it will not add much weight to your weapon . 
this is the first seat that gave me hope . 
for some reason , those open dual rails did the trick for me . 
it is not the cheapest bike light , but it is really solid . 
this fire steel works fine , as most do . 
but the handle is not attached well . 
that makes it easy to attach a handle that will not come off . 
picked up two of these for g.o.o.d . 
the shovels are good and sturdy . 
i 'll just put them in a gi surplus rigid cover . 
i like the convenience feeding tube . 
i love this trunk . 
i needed something 
so i did n't have to use a backpack anymore and this was perfect . 
it can carry a lot of gear and clothes . 
great purchase . 
this product is cheap and flimsy . 
oh and it only fits about 200 rounds of ammo . 
m sure i 'll find another use for it someday 
but this thing should only cost about 7 to 8 dollars . 
works awesome . 
i received this    34 tactical backpack   34   today . 
i am returning this to amazon and buying something better . 
came in early , packaged well and in great condition . 
it is a tight fit . 
and a small area 
nothing special with this one 
, i use a different type and needed a cheap set for another rifle 
so i bought these . 
easy to install and wo nt get you in trouble . 
as expected the nikon p-223 is a very good quality scope . 
the glass is clear and the reticle is well lite and balanced . 
awesome way to work the trigger finger . 
da only , so it really forces muscle group isolation and steady motion . 
vast improvement in my da trigger action . 
the mirror did not work for me . 
i also found it difficult to mount on the glasses and helmet . 
this is a great , heavy duty camp grill ! 
i ordered the galco kingtuk and it arrived quickly and in perfect condition . 
it was made better than i thought it would be . 
this holster did conceal my glock extremely well with very little printing . 
i do n't think i could get used to iwb carry . 
that is just my personal preference , i have always carried owb . 
as always these speed loaders are fantastic . 
great for standard ak magazines.does not work for vz-58 magazines . 
oh well . 
still a fantastic product 
i converted two old mountain bikes to threadless headsets . 
these worked great . 
i gave this 3    's because the frame is a little flimsy . 
cool looking , but wish it were more sturdy ! 
i purchased this scope for my mosin nagant . 
it works as expected . 
will update after more rounds have been fired . 
all in all i ' m a happy customer . 
solidly built . 
feel completely confident hanging from it . 
i weigh about 185 but it can easily hold more . 
they clean up easily though . 
the bar is meant to be kept perfectly stable . 
that its moving the bar around . 
great for abs , too ! 
these are not that big and when up close they are not the best . 
they worked great . 
bought this earmuff due to lower price than other good brands and paid dearly ... 
it worked at home when i tried it . 
it was silencing loud claps . 
it worked for few minutes in the gun range . 
afterwards , it stopped working . 
it would not silence anything ... 
i could not believe it . 
i finally noticed when my ears started to hurt . 
i do not recommend this product . 
please be smarter than me and buy a better brand . 
as a army veteran of mult . 
overseas tours ... always have had a poncho liner handy . 
sorry for the bad review fox outdoor 
the knife arrived quickly was packed well and was in good condition . 
the bayonet blade was in good condition with just a couple of nicks . 
clipped right into place on a wasr10 . 
this is really good ice axe for hiking and mountaineering . 
very well made , sharp enough and comfortable to use . 
a very nice rack if you have a 26   bike . 
we 're talking way way off.this needs corrected . 
this is a 26 - 28   rack . 
i usually just go with the random pattern - 
it 's easy to switch bettwen and turn on and off . 
recharges in a reasonably short time period with the included usb cable . 
but it 's no drama - overall very happy with the purchase . 
i got it for my wife . 
she has n't used it yet . 
it would benice if it had a cover but not a negative for me . 
this is one of those purchases that worked out real well . 
i have been very happy with the light . 
it works great , lasts a long time and is very very bright . 
i want more of these . 
i used it for my cross bike- keep in mind if you have disc brakes- 
can not go wrong with jagwire kits though . 
got white because they were less expensive , but they get dirty very fast . 
would recommend another color if you are n't a tightwad like me . 
it does work great with my trangia and other alcohol stoves . 
for somebody with the right body , these shirts look and feel great . 
they are form fitting without being tight . 
the fabric is ultra - soft and feels fantastic . 
they show every curve and bulge through the shirt.these run pretty large . 
normal size is xl , and a large fit perfectly . 
i really like the greener side of this shirt . 
dose its jod . 
but it helps the best way it can . 
great price , fast shipping , and really very good quality . 
you certainly can not come close to it for the price . 
i will post some pics.pros   the above ... and it looks great . 
i am sure that you could buy better ones for hundreds more .... 
but why?made in china . 
lets face it , the chinese are getting really good at making this stuff . 
absolutely amazing for the price.thanks amazon . 
i purchased this to include in my survival bag . 
it is lightweight takes up very little room and of good quality . 
much more durable than the other    34 survival blankets   34   
i have purchased . 
i have a quick release front wheel 
with the removal of the bottle cage it fits my 56 cm road bike 
but it rattles around 
so it had to be removed.- 
it is heavy . 
it is definitely safer than locking your bike up with just a cable . 
i love leupold products and this lens cover is no exception . 
a very well made durable product that i highly recommend . 
my bicycle sees a lot of wear and tear . 
i ride about 14 miles every day to and from work . 
this stuff is great for a little tune up every month or so . 
i use it to clean the chain , the gears , and every now 
i am enjoying this product so far . 
safety first , cyclers ! 
these knifes do n't look like much . 
but they 're dang sharp . 
no question . 
i uploaded a photo of some black spacer glued to the blade . 
this is a great adjustable t. it works great for practing . 
it has held up great so far . 
this is a very sharp looking watch . 
its a good size and weight with an easy to read display screen . 
this came with one band only   the stainless steel one pictured . 
i love that this is water proof not just water resistant . 
hopefully this will last a very long time ! 
i own several victorinox knives and each one continues to impress me . 
it really is a great knife ! 
it opens easily and the main blade locks up solid . 
all of the tools are easy to deploy and work great . 
it 's just too big . 
even after soaked in solvent . 
i can not believe this is supposed to work in my 556 ar-15 . 
it does n't fit . 
this kit is a no brainer for refinishing rifle stocks . 
have refinished three stocks and still have some product left . 
will certainly be buying more . 
go big ! 
fire lights up real fast with this fire starter with the proper kindling . 
it shut i ' m not sure what they did . 
it 's driving me nuts ! 
but it did n't bother me till this happened . 
twitch 2 finally strikes a perfect balance . 
but it can also accomplish a wide variety of tasks . 
any smaller or larger , i would n't like something about it . 
it is also very attractive , perhaps even deceivingly so . 
it 's built well and works flawless . 
gentlemens knife   
only a kershaw leek is comparable in my opinion . 
distance may suffer a bit . 
got it in a few weeks after ordering . 
expected that after reading reviews and seeing it was shipping from china . 
works great with button back on it . 
light is very bright even in daylight . 
i have n't used it in all conditions but thing for any reasonable range 
it will give great service . 
it does leave a very bright trail through the air when on though . 
this would allow someone at 90 degrees to your aiming direction to see it . 
just be aware . 
you can leave it connected indefinitely and it will not overcharge the battery . 
i will have to use an extension cord . 
i ' ve seen fine print but this manual is ridiculously small . 
so i ' m supposed to go find a magnifying glass ? 
i have a number of deltran chargers that use this connector . 
this is a very good charger and highly recommended for any small battery . 
very pleased with product and fast shipping 
i like the look it gives my gun 
and i ' m extremely satisfied with the grips . 
this is a wonderful grip especially for women . 
it 's not metal and does n't weigh much . 
a lot of accessories for rifles are so heavy they weigh things down . 
it fits the rifle rails perfectly and tightens securely . 
love it . 
get it . 
i have n't had a chance to go out and try it . 
as good as rem - oil . 
solid product ! 
heck , i guess you could use some motor oil as well . 
do n't spray this stuff everywhere . 
a gun is n't a car engine . 
but it is n't amazing . 
i still had to suck it up and buy bike shorts . 
maybe i just have an oversensitive ass . 
why would you do that ? 
the springs are too big and there 's nowhere to attach it . 
i read reviews that the bag was to small . 
i got the bag and it 's just the right fit . 
i can even store the optional griddle that i also ordered . 
razor sharp our of the box , locks open solid and closes solid . 
seems rally safe to work with . 
the texture on the handle is   grippy . 
great knife , i bought two of them ! 
great design and colors . 
this is a great light weight knife ! 
i docked a star off becuase 
there is no way to lock the bag . 
great knife that holds up well . 
the case is awesome and the blade can take a beating . 
this is another quality product from a company that makes good stuff . 
highly recommended ... 
fits my 40 cal magazine very well . 
the clip makes it conveinent to snap right onto my belt . 
good price as well . 
i wanted to use them for cycling . 
however , i decided to use these shorts anyways to see what would happen . 
fortunately , they did n't chafe me . 
at first , the biometric reader sucked . 
there were a few things i had to do to make this work better.1 . 
my hands were too dry because it 's winter . 
i had to keep my hands moisturized.2 . 
now it seems to open reliably . 
this knife is a beast ! 
it 's just a big ass pocket knife that cuts like a razor.the 
fit an finish is excellent . 
sneaky and cool!as 
the title of this review says , it 's texas legal ... 
barely , but legal at 5.5 inches . 
this was no big deal . 
other than that , easy setup and a noticeable speed bump from my old router 
so far so good . 
water tastes great and cleaning is easy enough . 
a great addition to any end of world kit 
first bipod i have ever bought . 
something was machined wrong but could not see it with the naked eye . 
returned it , amazon great about that and ordered another type made by utc . 
it 's solid and sturdy . 
i purchased this as a backup from my emergency camping lighter . 
as it is a zippo brand i expect it to work great . 
, you have to apply it before every game . 
the 2 oz is enough , no need for the 8 oz one . 
i give this 4.5 stars 
this gun sock is exactly what i expected . 
holds my rifle nicely and keeps it protected . 
i would definitely buy again . 
so easy to put together and such great quality . 
i use this everyday and have seen a significant improvement in my muscles . 
i love this thing and believe that it is seriously worth every penny ! 
so be careful went installing ! 
i love the color but the design was not what is should be . 
what else is to be said ? 
fits the 28 oz kleen kanteen . 
not a problem directly with this product , but conceptually it 's flawed . 
their warmth is okay , and their sweat - wicking capabilities are decent . 
however , it seems that they are fraying pretty easily . 
however , for the price it can not be blamed . 
even comes with a windage adjuster . 
very cool sights 
there is no question why armed forces world wide depend on this technology . 
the trijicon sights have issues with two eyed target acquisition in my opinion . 
for close combat action , the eotech line can not be trumped . 
not much info on this when i ordered but took a chance anyway . 
glad i did . 
despite being a plastic or polymer product , it appears very strong and sturdy . 
the thumb screw to secure it to the rail can really withstand some pressure . 
i purposely over tightened it trying to break it or strip it out . 
could n't be done with just a finger and thumb 
, the bipod snaps into position and is ready to brace and shoot . 
when i say snap 
i mean it is spring loaded 
and it snaps right out . 
the tree missed the house but filled the back yard . 
the axe does do it in one whack 
i had always wanted one of these 
and i ' m glad i bought it . 
i did buy admt fwcx 
but in practice that did n't matter . 
and so i did.recommended . 
the two horns together cover all situations for me . 
installation is very easy , and removal of the horn is fast . 
the hook for attaching the button to a bar is too long for me . 
it stretches , so it needs to be smaller in my opinion . 
bars on the front of bikes are not that thick . 
also , the cord is too long for my taste as well . 
are people really hooking the horn up on the bike and then moving the trigger 
that far away ? 
why not make two versions with a long corded trigger and a short one ? 
it shows where you can cut it . 
i ordered these without reading the reviews about how small they fit . 
i ordered a medium because i needed new shorts for a trip to moab . 
these arrived right before i left and i threw them in the duffle . 
when i tried them on , they seemed very very tight . 
luckily i had a spare set of shorts . 
those are medium , but they are nowhere near as tight as these . 
the medium chamois fits fine . 
i do n't know what 's up with these shorts . 
even the thigh part is small compared to my medium 3 4 length hummvees . 
oh well . 
these are some of the best riding shorts on the market . 
endura makes great stuff . 
maybe the production run on these got a bit screwed up ? 
it feels great in the hand . 
ordered two and they came within a week . 
like others i ' ve drilled out the cavity holes which helps a little . 
these are without a doubt the most unusual that i ' ve tried . 
a leather strip dangles down across the palm from the wrist strap . 
this holds a little flat packet of clay . 
the clay shapes to the hand and the grip . 
i had fouled a barrel in a 9 mm pistol from shooting lead bullets . 
i read about this gunsmithing solution online . 
i think it actually lubricates the barrel , 
i enjoyed this hammock very much while it lasted . 
i noticed a little tear and moved the hammock immediately . 
so yes , it was   
user error   because i was not more careful in my hammock placement . 
the only good thing i can say about this light is   
it 's cute .. 
i have two reasons to buy a bike light ... 
one is for me to be seen ... 
this light is pretty good for that in the day time . 
this light does not serve that purpose well 
so that means it 's worthless for the intended purpose for which it 's advertised 
night time glare blinds the cyclist 
it needs a hood over the top and sides of the lenses ... 
eventually i made it home . 
total cost was 1 buck 10 cents . 
another dollar for 8 aaa batteries .. 
tonight i tested that cheap light 
and it 's actually brighter than i imagined . 
no it does not blink 
but it can be seen . 
the cheap 1   light uses 3 aaa batteries also . 
you do not need a screw driver to change them out either .. 
that 's why i gave it only a 1 star . 
it does not deserve any stars at all in mho .. 
sadly , it do n't work well .. 
did i say i hate this light ? 
.. if not let me say it now , i hate this light .. 
it 's cheap , crap , and not worth the 10 dollar price tag .. 
mine will be returned to the wal mart store in the morning .. 
good luck .. chief 
overall works good but for the money i thought it would be nicer . 
these are very sturdy cup . 
i got them two days ago and decided to put them through their paces . 
they are holding up very well . 
these are very well made with rolled steel rims . 
for a small easy to use compass this works well . 
the pack of 12 all arrived as expected and all worked well . 
had the opp to take it out for a weekend in the cooler weather . 
worked without freezing up . 
this did not freeze and continued to move freely . 
i was able to get from point a to point b without issue . 
not bad for the price 
but i stand by my statement in the original review 
what else is there to say ? 
this replaces my broken bite valve cap . 
my exterminator agrees with me they are bound by the same restrictions . 
i really like these 
, the quality is really good 
and i have had several compliments on these . 
people think they are real casino chips . 
great job guys 
it is built well and has good strong stitching . 
the padding is decent and the four pouches are quite handy .the 
zippered pocket is a bonus . 
one model of a retractable bipod i own did make it hard to close . 
nice belt . 
just wish the belt buckle was a little bigger . 
i use duracell rechargeable and i get amazing life out of one aa battery . 
so , i would not recommend this for serious night riding . 
sure , it 's not he d , but it also is n't   400.get 
one and you will not be disappointed . 
i have absolutely zero need for a working machete at this price . 
it seems very well made and has a nice sheath that comes with it . 
i bought this for the too cool factor . 
this thing is just way too cool . 
worth the price to me just to look at it . 
i have a cheep machete for chopping stuff and abusing . 
this is no more than a collection item for me . 
there are several reviews of it there . 
this is lightweight and works fine , a good bargain for the price . 
it fits one scoped and non - scoped rifle . 
one of the inserts fell out when i opened it up the first time 
but i stuffed it back in and it has n't fallen out since . 
love the net and it seems to be durable . 
it 's easy to use 
and you avoid a chalk storm if you are careful with it . 
i use it for weightlifting . 
i bought a lot of these . 
amazon seems to have them cheapest from where i live . 
i have them on all my bikes 
the pack works great . 
overall i would definitely recommend this pack to anyone . 
currently using it with the fr-1 pouch on the back . 
fact is that blackberry still reigns in the business world . 
i will not give up my ipod touch anytime soon 
i upgraded to the storm and received it the saturday after released . 
it is a good looking phone though ! 
these made for huge improvements in the functionality of the phone . 
the downside is that rim verizon is slow to release an approved version . 
the current release is still .75 which fixed all the initial huge problems . 
all phones are delivered with .75 today . 
to be what will be the next official release . 
lt update 5 - 13 - 09 
we 're in for big things . 
the browser is so much faster under 5.0.memory utilization is vastly improved as well . 
i hang in the mid 40 mb free range . 
it does the same thing when connected to bluetooth in my car . 
a spacious case for carrying between home and range . 
i paid   40 for it . 
i ' m not sure i would pay much more than that . 
the stock part is very awkward to use . 
will they get the job done for less than   100 , yes 
and you 'll love every minute of owning it . 
i 'll buy another one if the need arises . 
does n't offer . 
the extension is small it made concealability very difficult . 
also looks great    feels good in the hand 
some cats been missing . 
i seen a coyote . 
i ordered this call . 
the next day after it arrived . 
i setup back of the cutting area . 
put it on cottontail .. 
30 minutes later we had one less coyote to worry about . 
works like charm . 
good on fox also . 
will stick to this type calling from now on . 
those yotes just have to see what 's making the sounds ! 
good , highly visible target spots . 
i use them 20 yards and down to 10 yards . 
very satisfied . 
this is one of those products . 
bought these to mount a p-22 for an ar 
15- 22.they were easy to mount and so far have not moved 
it is light and would not add much weight to your rifle .   
it quick mounts to your weaver mount on your rifle .   
the feet have nice rubber treads.not 
so good things    
this alone makes it a failure . 
it does not grab the weaver mount on the gun tightly !   
constant wobble and really bad with full extension . 
i reviewed some of the reviews and several people seemed to like this product . 
so lets say i got a bad one . 
however , i did not shoot with it on my gun.so 
lead pellets weighing 25.4 grains each . 
habits.i really wanted it to prop up my new galation 13 lb . 
air rifle . 
but this watch is n't that bulky 
and it 's designed for diving underwater up to 300 meters down . 
quartz is far more accurate than mechanical for time and low maintenance too . 
they fit nicely . 
good vest for air soft and maybe paint balling . 
light field use , maybe . 
this is a mouth guard that is heat fit by boiling . 
i bought for the victorinox swiss army knife and it fits perfectly . 
the belt loop is plenty big   2 - 1 2   34   . 
velcro is large enough to keep it closed securely . 
i do n't get sweaty feet in them either . 
a little pricy 
but i am slowly replacing all of my sock drawer with them . 
worth the money . 
i place it between the seat back and my lower back . 
it makes an airplane seat so much more comfortable for me . 
i would not travel without it . 
i have really enjoyed this product thus far .. 
2 days , 2 rides   it provides adequate resistance for my needs . 
on this box , the stack is held laterally but not front to back . 
i use it to hold my ipod for my audiobooks . 
hopefully they release one without the belt loop for sticklers like myself . 
these are heavy duty and feel like they could handle a lot . 
i did n't spend   1000 on a bicycle . 
i am not a bike snob . 
i got an early seventies huffy at auction for   9.00 . 
it 's american made . 
this set was ideal . 
decent quality , decent price . 
i do n't hesitate to endorse these . 
ideal tools for bike fans who would rather build it than buy it . 
i usually read reviews before purchasing something off amazon . 
the ones that were on here had favorable reviews for this holster . 
i got the holster and it looked like the picture and gun fit well . 
i sent this back for a refund . 
bought these for my 4yo to practice t - ball with . 
plus a must when first learning to catch . 
i ordered 2 to attend concerts in the park . 
they are light weight and very taut . 
i ' ve had . 
as others have mentioned collapsing the chair is tricky . 
i bought the maxpedition fatty organizer for an upcoming trip i have planned . 
sharpie- mirror- contact lens solution- contact lens case- 
bandana- para cords- advil- small notepad 
i love the quality of these cables . 
this kick stand works as described . 
it was easy to install and hold the bike up . 
is it the best kick stand on the market ? 
not by a long shot . 
this is a good cheap product . 
zippers and zipper track are very good quality . 
i use my bag for carrying sea kayak gear . 
it also was priced well compared to others . 
i ' m satisfied with it . 
it is great because it is easy to carry all the stuff we need . 
the color is a but off from the pics . 
its not that deep of a purple , but still a nice color . 
she has nt complained , so i guess they work fine . 
i sweat like a pig . 
all the time . 
i sweat if i vacuum the house ! 
i have tried a number of solutions and currently like this one best . 
i enjoy having a cap 
so i can take off my helmet and not have crazy helmet hair . 
overall , it seems to work well , but it feels a little small . 
maybe my head is big . 
i think it needs decent airflow to evaporate the moisture . 
but , it 's good and i would buy another . 
i have resized 1000   cases with this shell plate and it works great . 
great design and is easy to use . 
i like it 
needs a reinforced opening . 
this is a very well built piece . 
also very adjustable with positive lock adjusters . 
water boils in about 10 minutes . 
it is just as advertised . 
loud , lightweight , and it does glow in the dark . 
comfortable , but best used for exercising or relaxing around the house . 
this baby is sharp on both the saw end and the blade itself . 
it is a very large weapon and i have come to love it . 
many beer bottle caps have been slaughtered by its bottle opener . 
and many boxes have seen there day . 
it is built great and hand comfort is good . 
blade was very sharp and seems to hold an edge very well . 
it works great . 
i have great grip on this mat . 
good for target practice . 
that 's about it . 
daisy makes a good product for many years . 
i would say buy it for target practice only . 
besides it is very light weight and well constructed.do 
like i said preferably with the cover and carrier all one pattern . 
i hate those black compression bags ! 
i 'd take one of the marine corp water tight vacuum bags to that ! 
gsi also makes one with a non - fixed handle if you would prefer . 
i have thumb shifters from a 1987 mountain bike that still work great 
so i do n't understand why these are not just as durable . 
i will try microshift 's bar end shifters next time . 
bought this for the colder months while training in my garage . 
conceptually , the product seemed like a great idea . 
and yes , the tabs are flimsy . 
put this on a .22lr . 
these targets worked great at the range . 
the only complaint is from a distance its hard to see where you hit . 
but for the price you ca nt go wrong . 
stuff stays on , even through sweat of early duck season . 
it is super easy to apply , covers nicely , and cleans up well . 
what more could you ask for ? 
review utg 1913 shotgun rail mounti paid   18 incl   8217 d shipping . 
this unit arrived in a sealed bubble wrap pkg . 
inside a paper envelope . 
it arrive initially exceptionally quick 
8217 mon man . 
8217 s a   5 or   6 unit at best . 
8217 t another one be sent out prior to my returning a bad one ? 
or at least , couldn   
it   8217 s only an ounce or so and incl   8217 
d pkg . 
about 4.5 x 2.5 x 1 inches overall . 
the utg 1913 rail mounts aren   8217 t worth the nearly   24 
i paid incl   
d two shipping charges , so beware of that!the unit is angular and doesn   
8217 t scratch the tube . 
it comes with 3 sets of bolts , though for my 12ga . 
shotgun , only the longest set of screws will work.to the seller   
product works just as expected . 
great ab burn . 
literally worked muscles that stomach crunches did not seem to isolate as well . 
a little big for a compact glock 23   
i will install it on my ar15 for home defense with the pressure switch . 
they weigh nearly nothing and work as intended . 
the orange hooks help to find them in high grass too . 
first the knife is thick and dull 
so i sharpened it 
it 's a tough knife but handle cracked . 
my wife likes the camelback bottle . 
she wanted a larger size . 
the bottle works great . 
now she has plenty of water . 
that being said , the photo of this item does n't do it justice . 
it is solid . 
fit snugly on side mount and scope attached with no issues . 
if i could break it with a hammer i 'd be surprised . 
it has a steady light and a blinking light setting . 
the first step was to get it 
i do n't have any of the problems i used to have . 
and i have n't had to reset it once . 
that 's great , compared to what i ' m used to . 
love them . 
very durable . 
use them both for boxing practice and grappling . 
so far so good . 
it seems to be very well made 
and i think it will do the job . 
i decided to try the trail np and it was awesome . 
at first , i could not even see where it was hitting . 
the sight is also so easy to see . 
the base and whole gun feel solid . 
great gun . 
very effective for hunting . 
lots of fun ! 
well made for the price . 
these are not perfect , but close enough for me . 
, i have very sensitive ears . 
its a transparent rubber plug with notches . 
if it gets pressed while turned on its side it will leak . 
simplicity is apparently much better with these . 
this knife is very durable and will take a lot of abuse . 
one thing that smith and wesson could work on is the sheath . 
all in all this is the best boot knife around for the price . 
a simple device for inflating a flat . 
i 'll spend the extra 5 and get a better product . 
but now it appears to be a shoddy excuse 
i use these to get in the hard to reach places in my guns . 
they work well , the only down side is that they leave small fibers . 
the fibers can be removed with a small sponge . 
will be buying more . 
received this bokken and it is exactly what i expected . 
that said i have many years of experience training in other combative disciplines . 
the leading edge is nicely rounded as is the handle . 
i have relatively large hands   
i can palm a basketball 
in context of the price , this is not a huge negative . 
it would have worked great , except ..... 
the heiho   hissatsu 2   is a fantastic little knife . 
i own it and the hissatsu both . 
quality is top notch , the polished g10 handle is awesome . 
if i could only own one , it would probably be the heiho . 
haley 's black combat shirt top he wears in the video 
going to stock up on these . 
a package of 2 comes with rifle calibers . 
i bought this in 2 colors , sage and black . 
the material stays pretty wrinkle free out of the dryer and wearing .... 
the color is great and the cord is strong as you 'd expect . 
i ' ve made two short 6   34   
hunter orange is an added bonus , esp . 
over the years i   8217 ve collected and inherited quite a few knives . 
on some , the steel was good but the handles had long since departed.here   
do not melt ! 
ve got knives 
i use in the workshop and large butcher knives with these handles . 
no more drops.if 
if it will fit , i use it.get a handle on your situation . 
makes a god awful sound . 
this thing is louder than the stereo i have next to it . 
the fit is comfortable and the muffs completely cover my ample sized ears . 
they fold up nicely to fit in your range bag are well constructed . 
great pack of paracord and like that i was able to get multiple colors . 
used on my camping trip to help support my tent . 
my friend had noticed the same thing about his north face jacket . 
thoroughly impressed ! 
on the paper right out of the box . 
two minor adjustments and dead on . 
i could see using this as a primary optic . 
quick detach mounts are perfect for this application . 
a lot of value here for the price ! 
great little bag for biking or hiking . 
holds all the essentials , and a sandwich too ! 
zippers are durable , and the nylon is lightweight and dries quickly . 
huge improvement from the previous ' lobo ' bag . 
nice chair and is very comfortable for me . 
nice thickness but too stretchy and slippery . 
not safe for p90x . 
it has a heavy plastic clip that secures it to your belt or waistband . 
this is an excellent product for the low price . 
i bought them for using with my .22lr revolver in the field . 
they have started to loosen up a bit with use . 
our family owns a total of 7 bows including this one . 
since my husband 
and i sometimes bring all 4 kids to the range 
it is a real bow 
but it is small . 
amazon 's price for this item was considerably lower than the big box stores . 
with that said , this is a great pair of shorts for the price . 
my rear was still happy after an extended ride on a road bike . 
the legs never lifted   
they lock onto your skin . 
i ' m 6'3 , 225 and 
the large size fits well . 
i like what i can see in the steel which is everything!time will tell . 
the table is comfortable , well built and fairly easy to assemble . 
it clamps the ankles comfortably and , frankly , many other tables do n't . 
i could n't have done better and could have done far worse . 
iron man really gives you a good product for the money . 
do n't hesitate to buy this ! 
well for the price it 's well made 
this is a different tank top , which i think is a good thing . 
well made and extremely light , just a tad tight . 
i would recommend this knife to anyone that asked me about it 
well worth the 11 bucks . 
also would be great dinner mats when the mother - inlaw comes over ! 
allen company buttstock shotgun shell holder fits great on my mossberg 500 . 
nice to have ammo close by when you need it . 
and 45 cal . 
pistolswill order more in the future for other guns ..... 
ka - bar has done it again with this massive camp knife . 
all in all a great unit . 
you can not go wrong with ka - bar ! ! ! 
i use these in my gun shop as displays . 
this case holds two thirty round ar15 mags and two sig 228 mags easily . 
i ' m very happy with the fit and finish of this product . 
miles ahead of the factory sights . 
nice glow and quick sight acquisition make this a great purchase . 
this is a very high quality shooters bag . 
it easily holds two hand guns and has a separate area to carry magazines . 
plenty of room for ear protection , ammo , and shooting glasses . 
the shifts are crisp , and the derailleur functions flawlessly . 
just got it . 
it closes very snug with tight clearance . 
very precise . 
absolutely love these for my night walks    potty outings with my dogs . 
perfect size to strap on to leash and poop bag dispensers . 
this makes finding    complete clean - up a breeze now . 
i love the replaceable regular batteries that this takes . 
and this has held up wonderfully , with no damage . 
it 's snug at first , but it loosens up after time . 
be careful when washing drying since it 's 100   wool . 
2nd edit   go commando gear performed an exchange . 
looks good . 
i ' ve had 4 - 5 spyderco knives and they are great . 
how cool and nice is that ? ! 
great item from a great company ! 
i returned it and got my money back 
so no worries 
but i took the time to examine them before i did . 
they are cheap and work great . 
i ' m new at reloading , have enjoyed this product . 
i love this two handed katana machete ! 
the target is what i was looking for . 
they are standard target and therefore there is very little to add . 
i purchased this for my father for father 's day . 
well , he never bought one , so i picked one up for him . 
i love the splatter targets for great visibility but they are not cheap . 
these work great but there are others on amazon at better prices . 
guns powerfull i killed a squirrel groundhog and a pheasant i love this gun 
the only i do n't like is the front sight broke 
i absolutely love this tool ! 
it is the perfect little tool . 
so far it has everything i need except for wrenches . 
well built and seems to be durable . 
this thing is great . 
you can drink from a mud puddle and it still taste clean . 
one time i was camping and it started raining 
i tasted the water pre filter and it was foul , undrinkable . 
but with the filter it was clean and cold . 
my friend tried the filter and said yeah taste like water , 
then i had him taste the unfiltered stuff 
and he just about puked lol 
i ' m considering ordering one for me too ! 
i bought this just to see what it was like 
i 'll be buying as much as these for all my bikes . 
first off gamakatsu makes the sharpest hooks i ' ve ever used . 
so just by buying this brand you 're getting a good product . 
i use all sizes between 1 0 and 5 0 .... 
1 0 - 2 0 for little 3inch creatures like tiny brush hogs or 
4 inch worms   strike king 3x finesse ! ... 
i ' m no spokesperson , just a fan 
i am happy with this product . 
it 's a medium lc pack . 
do n't need to re - review it here . 
what i do want to rave about is the seller . 
i ordered a    34 medium alice pack w straps . 
and i got that . 
in excellent condition . 
with the shoulder straps . 
what i also got was a frame and lumbar pad too . 
great value for cost . 
way to serve your customer ! 
buy from ammocanman ! 
very high quality product . 
fits upper receiver very well and secure . 
very nice product and heavier built than i expected . 
i like the cover and am very pleased with the purchase and the vendor . 
love them . 
and they operate smoothly now . 
this light is nice because you can position it pretty much anywhere 
this is not a reading light or even a light to play cards by . 
and b c it 's battery operated it 's not a good night light . 
first , the towel is a minor miracle of modern materials science . 
the description on the packaging says to hand wash . 
the blanket is definitely not od but grey . 
od should not be in the description at all . 
the funny odor does indeed smell like cat piss . 
it does seem warm but thin . 
definitely not the quality described but hopefully will stand up to my camping trip . 
could be worse but definitely not what was described . 
the   razor a kick scooter ' is perfect for those 5 and older . 
i do recommend this to first time bullet casters . 
i received my target , and it looked fantastic . 
on the very first shot for each target , the sticker flew off . 
moldeable , easily shapes , sticks well   but removes if needed ! 
, not gritty but a nice grip . 
i just ordered another set . 
i really like this 
i d holder 
i put a couple of hook and loop patches from my service days . 
so i have solar lights all over the yard and through the woods 
and i have these reflector tacks on trees near the lights 
so you can head down a trail . 
was thinking of lining the driveway , but that only welcomes people ! 
so good . 
fit great and work fine ! 
i got them faster then items shipped from amazon ! ! ! ! 
and they keep your junk nice and dry ..... 
life is good ! 
34    and 2 larger branches   each about 4   34   . 
no binding , and minimal effort to get thru them all . 
comfortble , easy to place together and very easy to clean . 
just a light vaccuming will do the trick . 
that simply is n't true . 
i ' m very excited to give this item to my husband for christmas . 
they do ride a little high on my waist but its well worth it . 
i leave these out for anyone to use . 
these warmers last and last and last . 
a great deal . 
great scope , but bad rings ... 
hey as long as it works ! 
this is a beautiful knife . 
and it will work . 
that is my experience with this knife . 
locks up tight yet is easy to close . 
i have no complaints especially at this new price point . 
great job buck . 
this is great of double stack mags . 
you do n't like the belt models , this paddle model fits great . 
your looking just save yourself the trouble and buy the brass stacker . 
these sippy cups worked great for my son ! 
we love our kleen kanteens and this one is no exception ! 
received the item earlier than promised . 
scopecoat fits my eotech perfectly . 
it fit my wasr 10 63 perfectly . 
now just to refinish the furniture ... 
why oh why does n't glock include this with the gun ? highly recommended . 
i had one of the   planet blinky   lights before this one , 
no where near as effective . 
they never stop flashing until the batteries are dead or removed . 
they are only supposed to flash when the wheels start turning ............ 
very disappointed .... 
will not order again ..... 
this is absolutely the best magazine reloader on the market . 
put an end to your reloading pains ! 
essential for 9 mm firearm owners . 
i have em in every caliber i own . 
i really like this . 
it 's bright and you can read by it if your so inclined . 
i do not the like the heat shield on top . 
it does stay in place in use . 
otherwise it is a good lantern and worth the money . 
i would buy it again despite these minor annoyances . 
that 's what i ' m talking about . 
very nicely made good quality and hold mag 's very tightly . 
no bouncing or clattering around with this on my rig . 
highly recommended i love them . 
my husband is a cyclist , runner and weightlifter . 
he 's 5'11   170 lbs and lean . 
the medium is perfect . 
in the gym it did well , not riding up in any areas . 
they 're just awesome and looks very flattering on my hubby . 
it really works ! 
it certainly will save you a ton of patches when cleaning . 
it do n't even smell ! 
they are not the best around but do a great job . 
good amount of light and the batteries last very long . 
the long attachment holds it secure in those places 
so unless they 're on the move it 's hard to see them.2 . 
first off not a real knife read the description . 
i like cold steel products and first saw this reviewed on youtube . 
this product is great quality . 
i purchased as a novelty collector item . 
works well with the stone i purchased ... 
word , word , word , word , word , word , word ! 
works as advertised . 
pretty good deal for a 3 pack . 
if i had more pmags i would nt hesitate buying more ranger plates . 
oh well . is what it is . 
they should be easier to get . 
i love the way this helmet fits ! 
i have what i would call a somewhat odd shaped head . 
this helmet fits me perfectly . 
nice and snug without being overly tight . 
light weight . 
vents very well . fantastic helmet ! 
very heavy duty quality , non absorbant so any cleaning solutions wipes right off . 
highly recommend this , it also doubles as a gigantic mousepad . 
this laser is super bright and i mean super . 
at the range it looked awesome in a smoke filled room . 
was a breeze to zero in . 
just do n't forget the allen wrench .... 
knife feels good in your hand , nice weight to it . 
blade is pretty sharp and holds an edge . 
purchased a couple of these in 2007 and still have and use them . 
these were bought for my 2 boys for work and they love them . 
was easy to install . 
convenient when i do n't want to wear a backpack . 
i just bungee on my bag and go . 
i agree completely . 
they are solid , well engineered , and the build quality is evident . 
the rotating base is also great . 
i can not think of a single complaint at all . 
not even a nit . 
as with all maxpedition gear , it is rugged and well made . 
completely satisfied with this purchase to say the least . 
got this for my 12 year old daughter 's birthday . 
it works fine but is a bit stiff for her to use . 
i am guessing it will relax over time with use . 
holy hell this thing is bright . 
not only bright , but lasts forever on a pair of 18650 batteries . 
this baitfeeder is awesome ! 
i love the two drag concept and the switch to flip between the two . 
definitely landing more fish with this combo . 
handles 30   braid very well . 
the secondary spool is plastic . 
please stop this okuma . 
i 'll pay an extra buck or two for a metal spool . 
i love the rubber grips and have them on several of my guns . 
the fit issue was a lack of not knowing what stock this actually fits . 
when it arrived it was clear it would n't fit ! 
nice piece , just had to send it back due to the fit issue . 
you have to completely realign the dies each time you screw them in . 
if they do , you might want to invest in a set . 
holy cow this thing is way bigger than i thought it could possibly be ! 
looks really pretty too . 
have n't tried to use it on anything yet , and i ' m 
love it ! 
this is the best investment i ' ve ever made . 
a great product all around . 
this is a great holster . 
i use it with my sig sauer p229 , .40 cal . 
e2 design and it fits great . 
it is easy to put on and stays put . 
it 's very durable . 
i did n't need to adjust it at all from the factory . 
what i like about this pole is the versatility . 
when it comes to telescoping , this pole is really impressive . 
plus it is a pretty durable trek pole . 
i think all the more reason to at least give this pole a try . 
aurorae is reliable . 
i have a few bi - pods and for the money it 's not bad 
but i really like the ones that have springs on the legs . 
this one does have that . 
so you are fumbling around with bi - pod while holding the rifle . 
over all it is a solid bi - pod . 
a little elbow grease gets the blade sharp again . 
of note my go to knife is the similarly priced ka - bar . 
to buy each of these knives individually it would cost twice the price . 
spyderco had a great idea to make a set out of these mini knives . 
i have each seperatley but thought i should add the set to my collection . 
they are made in china . 
despite that fact these are high quality knives . 
just because something is made in china does n't mean they are junk . 
a good example is apple products . 
it just depends on the quality control that is demanded by the parent company . 
spyderco insists on high quality and that is reflected in these knives . 
these work very well . 
i have used this product when i have cleaned my firearm on many occasions . 
the red is super red and it looks great with my bike . 
does n't happen much and it never is a serious issue . 
it 's good for hitting practice as well as kicking a soccer ball . 
it comes with a carrying bag too . 
this was just part of a complete wheel overhaul ... 
this is the perfect stone to put a final edge on hat knife . 
super smooth and will really polish the edge . 
the set really needs this stone 
i ordered a less expensive shelter that actually has better reviews . 
a mil - spec chamber brush was not included with this kit ! 
this is an m4 kit so this makes no sense . 
this was disappointing to say the least . 
otis charges five or six bucks extra for their chamber brush . 
i find new uses for it every day ! 
great stuff . 
works especially well on leather . 
i just spray on and wipe for 20 seconds 
and it looks and feels great . 
this thing is simply awesome . 
the hard plastic holder holds my company i d and my keyless entry card . 
the plastic holder holds my passport and my twic card . 
i have no complaints at all . 
this thing is awesome ! 
and it can   i did bend one 
but it still works . 
but it is from magpul and my ar is fully dressed with magpul stuff . 
super light and not as big as i thought . 
hopefully it will come in handy but hoping to never actually use it . 
also love the 1000 gallon lifetime . 
i really was n't expecting too much when i ordered this product . 
i was pleasantly surprised by the quality . 
i even purchased two more at a later date . 
rechargeable and different modes of blinking . 
recharges quickly . 
it 's fairly heavy , and the handle feels more like steel than aluminum . 
blade is heavy and solid.pros - heavy , blade and handle- 
good feel- seatbelt cutter- window breaker- 
good quality for the price . 
much less expensive than others 
i have a few i keep on hand for later options . 
you can not beat them for the price . 
well worth the investment . 
these are the greatest gloves ever . 
although this is not top of the line i am impressed with the jackal . 
once i was sighted in the bolts fly fast and true . 
glad i bought the cocking rope with it or i 'd need help . 
arrived within two days of ordering and in excellent condition . 
but not exactly as pictured . 
had one before , someone stole it so purchased another . 
carry emergency water in my truck year round . 
convenient , adjustable tap by laying jug on its side . 
recommended , would purchase again . 
and not one that you can move with in 10 seconds and one hand . 
first of all it 's expensive for what it is . 
i was glad to see that they came out with a gen 4 version 
so i bought it despite the price tag . 
at first glance it looked like it was going to be perfect . 
it does n't . 
it just stays back . 
it still a somewhat tight fit 
so we 'll see if it stays in place with use . 
installed on glock 23 . 
this was a gift for my grandson for a trip in the coming summer . 
it is lightweight and collapsable which is great for the purpose . 
i needed this for any possible zombie attacks . 
a few of my neighbors are starting to look a bit odd . 
have axe placed behind from door just in case . 
i wear this while shopping to ensure proper tools available if needed . 
this is your basic set , good for a novice as my self . 
my son in law also enjoyed using them and he is a diehard golfer . 
fits my sig sauer p226 and glock 23 perfectly . 
great for law enforcement and military personnel . 
i highly recommend . 
not enough support for the weight of my g26 . 
it 's okay for my kahr cm9 but just barely . 
it seems more designed for .380 ' s. 
i ' m stuck with it being too tight . 
i was looking for a   thin   belt to use for shooting . 
this belt is good . 
i like the buckle on it better than another one i bought on amazon . 
this belt is way too long for me 
but i will cut it down and re - melt the edges . 
i received this in a timely manner and it was well packaged . 
my son and i set it up and it was in fantastic shape . 
everything was there as stated and in fantastic shape . 
i think i 'll get another one for my other son ... 
i spend a lot of time outdoors . 
mine has the cotton lining and the shoulder - cape . 
i get lots of questions and compliments . 
bought this for my wife 's taurus 380 . 
easy to mount and does the trick to extend the magazine . 
great buy at a great price . 
i could feel my body recruiting more muscles . 
a benefit to the perfect push- up is that these rotate . 
they turn smoothly . 
i am currently 120 lbs 
so i can not attest to the weight limits . 
they certainly seem strong enough to hold a lot of weight . 
overall these make push- ups harder which means better results . 
out - freaking standing ! 
amazon also had that . 
these knives are great as keychain knives . 
mine came razor sharp out of the box . 
i keep the grasshopper on a keyring with myfenix e01 
they are about the same length . 
the honeybee lives on my keychain where it basically disappears in my pocket . 
this is a good gift for the golfer who might already have everything . 
and this is a nice little set . 
perfect for stocking stuffer . 
my wife uses this when she runs her half marathons and 10k ' s. 
she has no complaints about it . 
it does the job and is easy to carry with the hand strap . 
other than that i like the glasses a lot . 
first thought when i opened the package was durable . 
this is a tough mattress . 
i used it two nights in a row , and slept great . 
the top is designed so you stay put after you go to sleep . 
many mattresses have such a smooth surface , one turn and you slide off . 
the designers thought of everything when making this mattress . 
good thinking fox!great price and excellent quality 
, i look forward to many good nights rest with this mattress . 
but this really is my all time favorite cleaning kit solution . 
i reccomend this for all serious firearm users .... 
this thing is awesome ! ! 
i do n't know how i lived without it . 
i thought of buying cheaper plastic ones . 
glad i did n't ! 
my leupold 10x42 fit perfect . 
they still have the full range of motion in the pupil adjustment . 
no interference from the thickness of the adapter . 
the threads are made of brass , so they will not damage your binos . 
made of metal with powder coat finish . 
no wiggle at all with this one , sturdy . 
mine has an elongated knob for tightening , not the round knob pictured . 
probably the improved design . 
much easier to get your fingers on . 
it will hang from side to side , not an issue for me . 
steadies every thing up and allows you to see much more detail . 
made it difficult to tell whether it was a hit or a complete miss ... 
i have only used this once so far and been been impressed . 
i did n't leak at all on the 7 hour car trip . 
most are spot on . 
this is a vest combined with a belt and i ' m 
not certain any vendor of tactical nylon gives more value than condor .   
it may be tactical nylon 
it is in no way dupont cordura nylon ! 
not only a good touch , a darn good touch !   
62 rifle mags will only fit single mags ... 
62 plastic at the shoulder stinks at first . 
must be the chems embedded in it ... 
it airs out .   
62 made 100   in china . 
some have said that , some said made in america . 
it 's not , it 's china .   
it allows the pistol to be carried an not flop around . 
pistol case is smaller than you 'd think . 
most   ' medium ' frames will fit fine .   
62 buckles are generic chinese market ... 
, none have broken , so only time will tell there.bottom line   
it 's a vest that will fit a wide range of body types . 
it has gobs of pouches and a pistol pouch as standard 
it 's about five pounds of equipment for a low , low price . 
as i said at the beginning ,    34 great value   34 . 
they fit great on both 
and they do a good job to insulate my drinks . 
these also work a lot better than the groove insulated sleeve . 
woulda been sweet 
only three things are not right with the engineering of this basket . 
there is no support at the back of the basket 
these three things are what i found wrong with the engineering on this basket . 
i bought this bag after weeks of research . 
i can not say enough good things about these bags . 
plenty of room for essential items including pistol and mag . 
i wish the hk clip was up front instead of in the back . 
other than that i would n't change a thing . 
i love this bag ! 
this is a very strong holder that does fit into a .223 caliber . 
i will be buying more of these for all of my cleaning rods . 
i really would have liked a product that was better quality 
but you get what you pay for . 
slate calls also require some maintenance . 
this is n't my first sog and most likely wo nt be my last . 
i really love the tanto blade and the look and feel of this knife . 
and i do n't need to have to fiddle with a    34 safety   
so a little dab of jb weld did the trick . 
you will not regret buying this knife ! ! ! 
once done they work fine 
made my own    34 inside the suv bike rack   
some folks just like to complain , others might get a defect . 
this thing is well made with windage and elevation . 
others lacked elevation so that 's a plus . 
fits very securely and looks sharp . 
canteen arrived today and it is exactly what i was looking for . 
brand new canteen and carrier bag . 
a great addition to your outdoor gear ! 
not very sharp , but comes with a sharpener . 
sheath is great and the grip is a hard rubber and fits in my hand 
sharp , well balanced throwing knives , decent quality as well ! 
another great new knife from schrade . 
nice finish . 
mirrycle mirrors are the best . 
this is a very good bi - pod . 
i put it on an ar and it worked fine . 
i ended up buying a grip - pod 
and it 's high enough now . 
still , this seems to be well made . 
it works great on my wetherby .17hmr . 
thanks to amazon 
i received it fast and for the best price anywhere ! ! 
4.5 - 14x40 sf nikoplex 
i knew it was a plastic gsg addon 
but it is very well made . 
hard and plastic my one point 
sling works great with the sling keeper . 
i would recommend.only downside 
is it makes the gsg sd fall under legal rifle length . 
it simply does not work . 
i ' m returning it . 
i ' m having trouble finding one . 
this one is just terrible . 
i mean it looks cool like the compass we used in the army.this compass is 
no where near pointing north . 
it 's basically a toy for children . 
worst compass i ' ve ever recieved . 
you will get lost if you depend on this thing . 
you 're better off relying on the sun for direction . 
if i could give 0 stars i would . 
terrible produce . 
do n't waste your time . 
m sure you can guess where it came from.terrible , terrible product . 
it 's okay . 
easy to break into with a screwdriver . 
not a secure gun safe ! ! ! 
it is what it says , quick access , but not necessarily safe . 
i use this with nutrisystem food to add creaminess to the mac    cheese . 
this is a very comfortable and lightweight jersey , perfect for summer 
this thing is great . 
the packaging is horrible , but works great . 
packs away really nice and neat . 
it 's a steal compared to many flashlight mounts . 
and i have had no issues after putting 50   rds of 12 ga . 
rifled slugs through the gun . 
nice pack . 
this is my first one and i am pleased with it . 
water capacity is very large for an average ride in hot weather . 
i like the removable water pouch with the wide opening . 
easy to fill with ice and water . 
i 'd recommend this product . 
this is nice and sturdy . 
it 's easy to move around and transport . 
this came with four sights . 
the two largest were red and the two smallest green . 
my whole purpose of buying this was to get the green 
i now have the green fiber on both my shotguns 
and it shows up much better than the red to me . 
but they seem secure and probably will not come off under most conditions . 
try to stop me you peasants ! 
i love the bore snakes . 
i was never cold by any means . 
this was with a light and a heavy layer under it . 
m 6'1 185lbs with 34 waist 
cold steel magnum kukri machete   cordura sheath    
the zombies will not stand a chance ! 
i think    34 good   34   is the key word here . 
i could not get great focus    clarity at max zoom 60x . 
it probably should have been made as a 15x45 power scope . 
tripod   a bit better for clarity    focus . 
the redfield suits my needs just fine . 
it seems that the saying    
you get what you pay for   
34   is pretty accurate , and premium glass lenses cost big money . 
unless you are a bodybuilder 
the original hinges snapped when the lid was over extended backwards . 
i got these as a    34 universal replacement   34 . 
they work but are really cheap looking and the life of these looks questionable . 
the price seems high for a single purchase but it is worth the money . 
it is easy - to - use and extremely accurate . 
it has a large easy to see back - lit digital display and keypad . 
it also has an overcharge prevention system helps protect you from reloading mistakes . 
hornady makes top of the line equipment and this is one of them . 
does all it claims and more . 
and there was no signs of any mold on the box , or laser . 
i can only assume that this was an issue with older orders . 
i ' m going to buy another , so i will see ... 
bought as a gift for my father . 
made in china 
i would have rather bought one made in the usa , they are available .... 
i had used this product on an ati stock that holds my mosin nagant . 
it is a decent product and does dampen the recoil . 
did a great job of holding the hammock and protecting the tree . 
it was easy to use and easy to pack back up . 
these things are just more then what you can read about . 
to say the least these truly are very smart chargers . 
they also do really charge faster then any other charger i have ever used . 
i recommend these to anyone who owns any type of battery . 
these work extremely well in keeping your feet warm . 
for me they last more than 8 hours . 
excellent edition to my sons ar . 
can not wait to take it to the range for a test run . 
i have another barska scope and it works great . 
we expect it will be great . 
it provides great support for your butt when peddling for long periods of time . 
i bought this for my emergency needs . 
this is why you need to have a way to make good water . 
a must have . 
great price , shipped extremely quick . 
this holster is well made and holds the 36 oz . 
judge tight to the waist . 
most holsters for large guns are loose and wobble not so with this holster . 
i would without question 
buy this holster again . 
use it for my stag ar15 . 
not something you use a lot but when you need to adjust the front sights 
this is the too . 
not very expensive either . 
you should have this in you bag . 
well the mio pacer ultra slim pedometer was made for you . 
i prefer to put it in my back pocket 
i admit when i first got it , i thought it looked flimsy 
it 's a rubber mat . 
what else is there to say . 
the glass is n't great 
but it works well enough . 
i think it 's hit or miss on quality . 
this is my second endura . 
this patter is much different than the original endura i have . 
i love how aggressive this pattern is . 
it 's like holding 20 grit sand paper . 
it comes tip up right hand.blade 
- i love vg-10 . 
it 's hard , sharp as heck and holds an edge extremely well . 
this is why we buy spyderco . 
i like this much more than the smooth thumb rest on my original endura . 
the flat ground blade is extremely sharp out of the box . 
it is not razor sharp . 
i tried to trim off some of my beard . 
it did n't work very well for me . 
a touch up with a fine ceramic or diamond stone is in order . 
if you have a strop just run it back and forth a few times . 
the thumb hole on this one has very angular edges . 
not sharp but also not rounded over . 
i am very pleased with it . 
i really can not complain about the fit , finish , or the blade . 
positive retention . 
no big deal . 
good box works ok 
set you sight with this 
and you are on paper at the range making small adjustments . 
this is an excellent cap . 
one thing i 'd have to say is it 's small . 
that s a pro and a con . 
it fits nicely on the handle bars without getting in the way . 
it 's also a little hard to see , particularly without the propper lighting . 
the smaller numbers are a little harder to see as well . 
the speed is the largest number displayed . 
i added a small round magnet   
3 8   diameter   on top of it to extent it a bit . 
your mileage may vary   pun intended     . 
satisfied though they should include a few extra magnets to extend the magnets provided . 
they are ! 
i much prefer the stand they come on to a bag or other carrier . 
for a homeschool family , cones have tons of potential uses ... 
they can be easy boundary markers for any game . 
they can mark the starting point and ending point for any pe task . 
they could mark the stations of an obstacle course or exercise station route . 
there are many possibilities to be explored . 
for pe , the other option for cones is to get tall activity cones . 
i also like the workout plan that is included with the dvd . 
i wish the dvd had focused more on how to use the cones . 
this is a very comfortable replacement for the pad that comes with the bag . 
the bag does not slide off my shoulder . 
too bad this needed to be ordered as an extra 
but i am still very happy with the overall purchase . 
this company can do anything and their gear is number   1 worldwide . 
these glasses are great for everything . 
loyal customer for life . 
well it got its first use on my way home from the store . 
a huge truck pulled right into the cross walk and stopped . 
one loud blast and the driver moved his rig ! 
totally worth it.now 
that 's on my bike 
i have a tendency to be a little less forgiving to drivers . 
ped 's still get a   hey buddy ! 
easy on and off for commuting storage . 
m sleeping on cold nights . 
great knife , it 's funny 
i got what i paid for , 
it 's a 2lbs knife , yea 
, it has hype , 
yea it 's a movie star ... 
but those were all stated on the item 's description . 
this is a well made laptop messenger bag . 
it has two good sized mesh pouches on either end . 
i use boresnakes for all of my rifles and pistols . 
i have 4 different sizes . 
they are so much faster and easier than using patches and the rod . 
so i bought this for a bug out 
bag bob   
so u know it is extremly sharpdownside 
this along with raised mounts made it easy to finish mounting my scope . 
this is very easily adjusted and works well . 
hello i will recommend o anyone to buy this item thank you larry 
it is comfortable . 
i use this when exercising , riding bike or walking . 
again it looks like you are carrying your phone , keys .... 
to access gun   
you have to un - zip first . 
however at   185 , i am still thinking about the shoulder rig . 
might as well go all the way . 
these are the second tektro item i ' ve purchased . 
i tried this and it 's not possible with the stock parts . 
just fyi . 
happy all - around with them . 
priced better than what i can buy these for at my local stores 
i see at least 10 years use . 
i ' m 6.01 and 200 lbs , size l works fine . 
however , it does not absorb sweat as i expected . 
for its price you can find better options 
these work perfectly for that practise . 
easy to see from a distance . 
only problem i see is i have 50 , plenty to share , lol . 
this is a wonderful tool for camping , for lunchboxes , etc . 
i am on the search now for a quality item like it . 
these are thin but work pretty good for what i need . 
do n't know how well they work in cold weather . 
i got them more for spring to fall . 
med size was fine for my average hands . 
makes cleaning the chain so much easier if your a chain machine user . 
no more smacking your hand into the spokes of the rear wheel . 
love them . 
you have to stack them 
but you can do it . 
these things are great and for the price , you ca nt beat it . 
my local army surplus has metal one for   60 a pop . 
that s all it was good for . 
highly recommended ! 
i got this to fit into the 5th pocket of my jeans . 
it 's perfect for that . 
it fits nicely is easy enough to get out . 
other than that , it 's a great small knife . 
the locking blade keeps it safe to use.i also have the grasshopper in ss . 
it 's also just a tad tighter in the 5th pocket . 
they are both great knives though.highly recommended . 
it is as good as can be expected . 
straps to the bike quick and easy . 
zipper works just fine . 
it has plenty of room , including an extendable portion . 
could n't expect anything more for the price . 
easy to install , looks and works great . 
mounted scope but this gas block fixed that perfectly 
the packaging was perfect with no damage . 
i ' m 6'3 '' and 215 pounds and very pleased with the quality . 
my neighbor has the other brand , teeter , and it was nice also 
but it was a little expensive . 
tritium gas is a byproduct of nuclear fission . 
tritium poses no health hazard unless it is ingested or inhaled . 
this particular meprolight sight set should not be ordered for the 9 mm glocks .-- 
x - tra solves the issue completely ! 
works as advertised . 
no more vasoline on cotton balls .... 
these eve burn when floating in water , ca nt beat that . 
individually wraped in strong space age plastic . 
can be broken apart and used in pieces .... great product 
not sure if it is good or not . 
have not tried it in a real test . 
but for the money it is o'k . 
i would only use this in the woods where no one can hear it . 
ha , ha . 
it is also well balanced and comfortable to grip.the 
saw that stored securely   !   
i had to cut it and tie it into two separate strings .   
and there is a mystery pouch inside of it . 
i am completely unsure what the pocket - like fold inside is 
for.could someone tell me?great pants , though . 
does its job . 
many , many functions other than being a blanket . 
close to a pound 
so you should consider it a luxury item if you are backpacking . 
overall , a nice watch in this price range . 
i have had 4 months now and just love it . 
spouse is over   220 pounds and inversion table has no problem holding him . 
it 's sturdy and is easy to use . 
would definitely recommend wearing shoes as the instructions state . 
it 's a little uncomfortable barefoot . 
highly recommend . 
works well and made my shotgun feel more like an extension to my arm . 
it made handling this firearm much easier . 
can not be beat for the price . 
a bit on the lighter side 
but that is ok 
and it is made in china which is a bit disappointing . 
if you use bbs than it does not matter . 
something to consider . 
the acurracy is ok for most navigating purposes . 
comes with a belt pouch . 
this fits the bill perfectly . 
when it works , it 's brilliant . 
intermittent issues aside 
, it 's well worth it.p.s . 
the item arrived quickly and in great condition . 
i was very pleased with the entire transaction . 
if the rim protrudes , you need to resize . 
if the neck protrudes , you need to trim . 
you can not be too safe when reloading . 
get some case gauges ! 
however this thing has never failed me when i needed it . 
, it requires a bit of practice to use . 
this is the same dohan ! 
works great and you always needed in your backpack ! 
one important gadget for your trip ! 
should n't that be a large warning in the description ? 
i believe this will last a long time . 
it works . 
not a good anyway . 
it arrived on time , they are made of solid plastic . 
they work well just the right size . 
i am happy with my purchase . 
i use it for the range ... 7.63 
hehe ... plus its zombie greem and black ! 
very sturdy , great look and great quality . 
strong sword ! 
heavy though , so it is closer to a real sword 's weight . 
good for beginners and training against your opponent .   
in my case is my older brother 
i would buy it again in a heartbeat ! 
i will say the wrapped handle needs a touch of glue . 
too easy to get an eye injury from a single incident or over time . 
they fit my large head well , rest easy on my nose bridge . 
but the glasses appear strong under normal conditions . 
for a decent price , though not the cheapest . 
my health is worth the few extra bucks . 
now to try out the other lenses ....... 
take a look cycling eyeglass mirror . 
thanks magpul ! 
this is a good set of camping cookware for the price point . 
the handles do get very hot though , but they do not melt . 
i used this on the open fire as well as on a grill . 
sometimes i just swipe the blade with the ceramic rod to touch it up . 
works much better than the little yellow smith i own . 
the rack is lightweight , sturdy and looks good . 
this worked out well as the rack was perfectly level 
and it made attaching the front mounting hardware easier . 
i ' m 
not sure if it fits other calibers . 
i particularly had trouble finding the   u - clip . 
overall , installation took me about an hour . 
that 's what i use it for . 
i used a sawzall and then filed it . 
love the features . 
weight height goal , stride .... keeps good track and has a clock . 
just need a big enough ring to fit around the hole . 
memory , nice when you do n't wanna use up your iphone gps battery . 
it works great . 
i have only used it on the lowest set thus far . 
but i am pleased with it . 
kurt kinetic has some quality products out there . 
keep your legs up with this buoy ! 
once i got that straightened out it worked perfectly . 
best thing i have purchased 
works great . 
main reason i wanted it was for pistol shooting . 
satisfied with the product seems to be helping with my shooting 
it should work but the rear sight has quite a bit of play . 
not the quality of some utg a2 sights i have purchases 
but you get what you pay for . 
i have n't has this pad too long . 
i ' ve slept on it two nights . 
i find this pad to be an across the board , very good value . 
it did not self inflate at all . 
so , i topped it back off and went to work . 
i ' m a side sleeper and the pad is very comfortable . 
i ' m 6'2   and weigh 200lbs . 
i purchased the small version   
i sleep very well and wake up rested with this pad . 
the weight and price are right . 
i got this for a multi purpose net for my kids . 
they have lots of fun throwing or kicking their balls into the net . 
love that it comes with a storage bag and can go anywhere . 
a really good product that will get lots of use . 
i have looked at these items several times .. 
i do n't own a rangefinder yet , soyou can disregard my star rating .. 
this is a good mount . 
it puts your light or laser out a bit . 
so those of you with big hands will like it . 
it puts the button 
right where you need it . 
it is metal 
but i m not sure of combat ops 
living in florida , 43 degrees is cold . 
feels cheaply made and i ' m not sure it 'll stand up . 
it does fit shirts and it 's a good idea 
and i 'll try to respond within a day or so . 
this distance tracker is accurate and has worked well for myself and my wife . 
when this showed up the other day i could nt wait to try it 
really fires the ammo fast and 
when they hit the target they splatter red on it.it disapears after a bit 
another new addition to camping is the jetboil 450 gr . 
now this is a folding knife . 
3 to 4 times a week , doing multiple sets of sit - ups . 
the one i received was the ames military issue shovel that i wanted . 
this was a great purchase , glad it was ames ! 
the shovel and carrier is excellent quality . 
it works like it says . 
the lowest regular setting is as bright as the highest nv setting . 
the lowest nv setting is nearly indistinguishable with a gen3 
nvg.the lowest regular setting does not give any light signature revealing your position either . 
i known that prior to getting mine 
i would of just saved the extra money and stuck with the xps2 . 
those rock ! 
i prefer this setup with the extra shotgun shell holder that came with mine . 
plenty of cargo space and unique touches make these pants a must have . 
they stand up to rugged terrain and hostile situations . 
you will not find a more durable line of clothing . 
highly recommended ! 
this oven works real well and the burners are very good too . 
gets very hot   over 450 degrees   within about 15 min . 
love this little holster . 
bought it for my ruger .357 . 
it 's compact and protects the gun without a lot of extra material . 
this is an amazing ax , razor sharp from the factory - 
this is a great watch . 
the black face and cool blue light are perfect for the watch . 
great watch for the price . 
i love this grip , it feels great , nice rubbery feel . 
i like the way my ar feel when i shoulder it . 
buy it , you will not regret it . 
this thing is amazing so comfy could carry it all day with no problums . 
so far so good ! ! ! 
considerably lower cost than some other makes of the same product . 
i like to use then for stock extensions . 
they allow me to shoot smaller rifles with more comfort and control . 
fits my mossberg 715 t like a glove . 
great buy for the price though . 
shipped super fast and am happy with what i got . 
this is small knife pouch . 
there is no markings at all on it or with it . 
pretty much useless for real world knives though . 
my little dog is 13 and going a bit deaf . 
she hears this and comes running now . 
thank you ! ! ! 
the otterbox is a great case , but has its limitations . 
same goes for this one . 
never had that problem with the otterbox . 
i have no other alignment issues with the phone in the case . 
the case fits very well and shows typical magpul quality . 
i would buy this any day again though just for the scope . 
this item itself is just terrific . 
we use for paddled boarding kayaking etc . 
keep us warm and dry . 
there was only anecdotal reports from reviewers . 
i followed their size descriptions and that was wrong   for us . 
but , amazon was great about that whole process . 
it 's a funny noise , but still love this bottle . 
the effects of this are very temporary . 
but it does seems to work when applied . 
i bought snowseal and it seems infinitely better . 
pick this knife up and you will see that it means business . 
this knife incorporates both attributes . 
the full tang design ensures strength , integrity , and longevity . 
the knife can be used to thrust and probably for throwing too . 
i am overall very happy with the versatility of this knife . 
happy hunting ! -jt 
great fit and works great . 
small and easy to carry with you . 
regardless , perfectly fine product . 
this sling holds tight and is easily adaptable to your preferences . 
but for now it is just alright . 
good knife . 
we 'll worth the price . 
nice and sharp ! beautiful wood handle . 
no complaints other than i wish the blade was a little beefier . 
now this is a good buy . 
this is just the next level to help the complection of that . 
my scope fit in it like a snug glove . 
once it was all put together and sited in , perfect . 
it goes over it with ease . 
it comes off smooth . 
keeps its   zero   from the time you set it . 
i am very happy with this and 
if you like to change sites for you 
ar then you need to get this . 
the aluminum this is made out of is of low quality . 
buy mbus sights instead . 
the actual item is just alright . 
i ' m not that thrilled when i received it 
but it looks durable and is definitely usable . 
however , the biggest advantage of this seat is that it is just comfortable ! 
that i ' ve had it . 
i was hesitant to buy a knife for this price but its a tank . 
i bought this bag for one purpose . 
to keep my gear dry in northern ontario downpours . 
needless to say , everything was dry and it worked perfectly . 
this one had a flat on the first day of use . 
so there 's no way to compare 
this was a perfect fit on the top of my mossberg 500 . 
we housed it in a milk crate for safer transport when filled . 
these grips are perfect for my new kimber . 
so lets just call them non - cotton ... 
so that gives me some difficulty as well . 
other than that 
... love them and will buy more . 
this is one product that delivers every time . 
i bought this for my mom . 
she likes it and it has held up well . decent price . 
shipped fast . 
good for stretching 
i still believe this is a great deal for the money . 
if you were looking for super rugged then i would probably keep looking . 
i keep it in my maxpedition fatty with all my emergency edc stuff . 
great quality , big folder . 
fits very well in my hand . 
i bought another for my son ! 
... than the standard match holder , minus the striking pad . 
maybe it just uses ambient   star moonlight   to light up .. 
mini ferro is rod is just about that . 
it 's worth the extra money to have the right tool for the job . 
great holster . 
much better than that galco leather pocket holster . 
my kahr cm40 slips out real nice for pocket carry with this desantis nemesis . 
so happy with my purchase . 
i can tell this holster is going to last a really long time . 
i also have the smaller version for my lcp . 
you wo nt regret it ! 
and yes the other kahr cm pm lines will fit just fine . 
for its use , the design is perfect . 
but it seems to do the job and deserves the good reviews it gets . 
seen a lot of different gun rugs but this is the most luxurious . 
solid zipper and quality construction should last a life time . 
great value for the     . 
and i want to take full advantage of this nifty device.i 
i recommend the product but maybe a makeshift funnel will be handy . 
i have been using this reel now for several weeks . 
i did not want to review it until i have used it for awhile . 
i like the reel 
so well i purchased another one 
and i guess that should say it all considering the cost of these reels . 
cool item , love the tomahawk and the price ! 
another review posted about it not being   american made   is true ... 
mine was made in taiwan   better steel than china !   
but still not american made like the name may lead you to believe .   
american tomahawk company , est . 
the head wobbles on the handle about 10 mm or 1 cm . 
metric   or 1 2   imperial . 
still i had to have it ! 
you do get what you pay for here ... 
that is until i arrived at amazon and came across this baby . 
so it was when i took a chance on this one 
i was not exactly a babe in the woods as to handling one . 
the single shot option at first did not set well with me . 
and i highly recommend it . 
for   25 its a downright steal ... 
if you 're going to be trekking and you ' ve got straight handlebars 
these are a must - have . 
these help me straighten out my back   often 
this had is wonderful . 
it not only helps me increase the effectiveness of my workout . 
but it is helps me keep warm after my aqua and swimming classes . 
i ' ve been using this hat for more than its intended purpose . 
works great for an ar-15 with a scope . 
my did not come with a large primer pocket cleaner . 
lyman supposed to be sending me the large cleaner tip . 
very nice scope . 
great light transmission and overall clarity . optically clear to the edges . 
scope.i 'd say this one is a little big for an ar-22 
sharp out of the box and holds its edge well . 
unusual and modern design . 
small and light in the pocket . 
have nt actually used it , lord willing i hope i never have to . 
it did fit nicely in my medical pouch on my tac vest . 
will probably order more for vehicles and hunting also . 
i was generally pleased with it   which is why i repeated my purchase . 
not completely as advertised . 
wanted a higher powered scope for small varmints and one with mil dot ability . 
have n't cycled thru the colors ... 
green and red are fine . 
have had no problems with zeroing and zero hold . 
only using on a .22 so not much recoil . 
very satisfied ! 
very satisfied with purchase . 
works great under gloves and mittens . 
adds an extra layer for warmth without bulk . 
no obvious wear after a tough winter , wearing almost every day . 
my only issue is the large size . 
they are cut quite full . 
this is a grand trunk product , not the nano ! 
i actually ordered the nano but there was a mix - up . 
in the meantime , i removed the   's ' hook and cords 
this is a pretty nice glove . 
all in all i ' m pretty happy with the product . 
i purchased these wetsuit socks for body boarding with churchhill fins . 
so wetsuit booties or boots have some type of sole and more supportive traits . 
you would slip on a surf board . 
you get the idea . 
amazon is great for searching for any product you would like . 
just read reviews and have fun . 
this is a good buy . 
signed , william j. price 
have not used yet . 
purchased as a    34 just in case   34   safety product . 
all research points to it being fairly easy to use and very effective . 
if you shoot them on one day the next week they will be gone ! 
very well made , fits perfect . 
item is easy to put on and looks like it belongs there . 
holds shells very well so far . 
i found it . 
holds 5 gallons easy and as of yet has n't leaked at all . 
i ' m rough on my stuff 
and this thing holds up to the abuse . 
the bags are very fragile , and will leak.2 . 
if the bag of dirty water leaks   it will contaminate your clean water . 
how do i love thee   
let me count the ways .   
- 1 . 
the filter weighs about 3 ozs , and takes up very little room . 
to kill viruses or anything that gets through.3 . 
the filter is guaranteed for 1 million gallons.4 . 
this filter will filter a liter every 60 - 90 seconds . 
after the filter is completely wet the filtration will be quite respectable.5 . 
always make sure you back flush the filter with clean water.6 . 
i put my syringe in a drawer somewhere . 
no syringe needed.i like my squeeze filter 
so much i bought the sawyer mini filter   good for 100,000 gallons . 
uv does n't kill the pathogens but scrambles their dna . 
if they can not replicate they are easily dealt with by your immune system . 
i like it and will be ordering another . 
it is labeled 1.95 
but it is not , 
i used digital caliper to measure it . 
tread is mild so good for street and light trail use . 
i am awaiting another tire to come in as they were not shipped together . 
no go . 
easy to install . 
very happy , would recommend this product and this seller . 
wish i had known about this a long time ago . 
this is a great product . 
do n't worry about the funnel smelling bad . 
i used mine for a week on mt . 
and it never smelled . 
once i return to civilization , i just washed it . 
worth every penny.make 
you could risk spilling the urine into your pants . 
buy an extra one for backup . 
i have a flat top ar , but it has an m4 front sight . 
but i wanted red dot optics as a modular option , 
so i saw this puppy on amazon 
this will raise a scope above the front sight just high enough ...   
here 's the cool thing though- 
my gun does not fit in 
it 's case with the scope on . 
they have the same exact mounting rail and thumb screws ! 
man , i got it made . 
this thing is solid . 
needless to say , he uses my belt more often then his cheap vest . 
most of the time , we forget we even wearing it . 
i bought this towel for hot yoga . 
what can i say ? 
its a kershaw.one of the better semi - auto folders that i have had . 
sturdy tools to get the job done . 
i use them for all purposes while cleaning and basic gunsmithing on my firearms . 
you just can not beat them . 
very good quality , and one liked by many soldiers that use them . 
has taken some abuse and only starts swiveling fully after some abuse . 
i recommend if you want a smaller more tactical bipod . 
it is nice and light ! 
stainless steel ? 
so do n't pick ice with it . 
the teeth on the serration chipped out first day with the third knife 
i use it to peel back the sheathing on 12 g copper wire . 
want be a forth ! ! 
third time was the charm . 
or the last straw rather . 
very tough an durable , with space for plenty of gear . 
lots of extra pockets and securing fasteners . 
m glad i went with it . 
i would still buy it again . 
worked fine and is a great ideal . 
just did n't fit my latern the way i would have like it to . 
overall for the price it works good . 
i wish i had all of them . 
i have n't used these yet   fortunately . 
bought a couple to throw in bob bag . 
they 're made in the usa and have been around for years . 
and it 's very comfortable once you break it in   
it amazes me how infrequently i have to wash this thing ! 
with a shell and just this shirt i am comfortable well into the lower 30s 
f .the only downside is that the sleeves run a tad short for me . 
this is a personal fit issue   and only slight   
i ' m slowly piecing together a nice collection . 
easy to install 
and it works great . 
i wish springfield armory would just make it themselves with their logo on it . 
wonderful for walking or jogging ! 
people in cars veer around me because they now see me . 
wide wrap around velcroe straps . 
i find velcroe is the best . 
buckles are too hard to put on with one hand . 
out of the box you could shave with them ! 
i purchased 4 of them to keep for camping . 
gave 5 stars because they are excellent for the price . 
i may order a set just for stake knives . 
good , exact same as other that cost    35 . 
nice fer the price . 
cooks box o mac    cheese on the trail ! - 
you may just go buy a 3 pack for the same price ... just saying 
these should only be used for survival , not for regular nutrition . 
i can not find enough mud to plow through with these fenders ! 
most fenders are flimsy and tend to warp but this thing is solid . 
then the fender slides between the forks and pushes up onto the bold . 
i ' m using thesks grand m.o.m . 
mtb oversized mudguard rear bicycle fenderin the back and it is just as great . 
get these things ! 
actually suprised me ! 
the drifter beat my endura . 
i got the drifter to acid etch but its so nice 
i might not . 
these handles fit my kabar perfectly . 
they are not green . 
definitely over priced . 
i do recommend you try making handles out of wood if your handy . 
save a lot of money . 
this is a great looking backboard , hoop , and mini - ball set . 
i assembled it in just a few minutes . 
it 's really just a matter of attaching the hoop to the backboard . 
the over the door brackets have some foam padding 
so you do n't mar your doors and the breakaway rim and realistic looking chain 
add a nice touch . 
they 're more than adequate to get the job done without scratching anything up . 
been looking for purple water bottles for my sister and here they are . 
great color and quality as well . 
all around good and will pick up more in a different color . 
this is old product tested by thousands and thousands . 
it works ! 
pour 1 to 2 caps into the mtb tire , depending on the size . 
refill every 3 - 6 months or when you will start loosing air pressure . 
designed for tubeless setup . 
the bad news is that the optics are horrid . 
they do the job . 
they are very long and dangle down even with the sleeping bag attached . 
i just let them hang . 
the straps are long enough to accommodate all . 
good luck . 
there are by far the best sights on the market . 
well made and does what it says . 
but not for me . 
so just buy an extra extended mag . 
i had an original back in 1975 . 
the originals had a gray handle and the grip surface was more    34 
the blade is decidedly different . 
the original had scalloped serrations    
i believe it was 
carbon w   
higher level of    34 spring   34   to it . 
this design has a straight serration design that is obviously easier to sharpen . 
a combination that rusts fairly quickly . 
i like this design as it 's more utilitarian 
overall , it is what it is . 
i like it very much . 
i use this on my stag ar and a remington 700 . 
it works great ! 
i figured i would go ahead and add this peice as well . 
as others said    34 it is what it is   34 . 
it 's a cheap foam pad . 
it 's a little stiff . 
there 's not a lot of cushion or insulation . 
i 'd recommend something else . 
mounted onto a mossberg 500 tactical persuader to hold a basic red dot sight . 
it 's mainly a home defense gun 
so i ' m sold on it so far . 
even my ultra sensitive skin responds well . . . 
tuffy for tires wider than size 1.95 . 
i believe you have to order the purple standard mr . 
too bad . 
this is also my first reservoir   never used or had one before . 
i spent some time thinking and researching before getting this one.why the 1.8 ? 
i do n't want to rely on reservoir only . 
the 2 and 3 liter can be too long for small packs . 
1.8 liter you will not have to fold the top to fit the pack.before 
i just fill it with drinking water . 
but i find it a plus . 
after all , it 's over   30 for a plastic bag . 
i 'd be very pissed if it starts leaking after a few uses .... 
it 's a macbeth ipad sleeve   reversible . 
the width is perfect . 
the length is shorter than the bag but that 's not a negative . 
it allows the zip exposed so that refilling of water or ice is easy . 
try it out if you find macbeth sleeve in your local tjmaxx . 
would i buy again , probably not . 
this product is ingenous . 
i have been struggling for years with my nagene bottle and ice . 
this fits perfectly and only comes out when you want it to . 
i have had the nelgene splash guard , and i do n't recommend it . 
they 're solidly - built , utterly dependable . 
for the reviews that say this gets cold , i say no way . 
15 is a bit overpriced in my opinion , but i do like it 
but i 'll never need that . 
it does fold up pretty small too . 
but the   cup   is about the right size for an espresso . 
so i ' m not going to use this 
i only found two , strangely . 
is so tight i can not stand wearing it . 
do not leave home without one . 
like i said junk ! ! ! ! ! 
but the seller was very nice when it came down to the refund . 
these are my favorite store - bought air gun targets . 
i also use the center white circle as a target . 
i generally draw maybe 8 more small circles with my magic marker . 
three evenly spaced across the top . 
one each on each side in line with the white circle . 
and then another 3 across the bottom . 
the card stock is nice , and usually easy to see your pellet holes . 
way better than the flimsy paper targets . 
watch the prices on these . 
i am ordering some more . 
this pocket scope has a very clear view . 
the eye relief is n't much . 
i wear glasses and have to hold it tight against my lens . 
good focus adjustment . 
close up view is ok . 
for it 's convenient size and weight , it does a good job . 
this really turns a kicker into a soft shooter . 
it does everything that remington says it will do and more . 
scope is pretty good as well . 
a good solidly built , powerful air rifle 
heavy , solid tool , knurled shaft , prongs look pretty solid . 
into the range bag it goes . 
they allow you to work on your ar-15 extremely easy . 
well built and keep you arm from getting damaged . recommended 
a good bike rack is a must for every rider . 
when moving , i found the rack to be very stable . 
highly recommended - but be prepared to work around the license plate . 
this is a great product . 
this does everything that i was looking for in a timer . 
what 's even better , 
i and clip it to my shirt 
and it 's nice a secure . 
i use this setup to run a 12vdc refrigerator in my honda element . 
i make use of all the connectors . 
i ' m very happy with this product . 
got this for my rifle in my closet just in case . 
no malfunctions yet . 
schrade has been making this knife for decades . 
i went looking and could n't believe it ! 
same blade , handle , sheath , with additional pouch for sharpening stone . 
excellent knife , especially for the price . 
i put it on my purty little gun and it works well . 
it was sent quickly and is everything it was advertised to be . 
the best part of the deal was the price! ... 
you all rock .. rick edwards 
i really like the tanto point on this knife . 
a bit on the small size for my large hand . 
my primary use for this knife will be as a concealed necker . 
i was disappointed in the dullness of the blade . 
big hit with my toddler . 
looks nice . 
build solid . 
fit good and comfatable in my palm , in a weapon way.like 
do n't know how long it will last . 
trying to remove cap as less as possible . 
that 's the only reason i gave 4 stars . 
you know how it is when you camp . 
you make do . 
you do n't expect things to be as if you were in your home . 
some uncomfortableness is acceptable.then 
the fluff - unfolded , mind you - is perfectly adequate . 
i sleep very comfortably now.this has become my   go to   pillow . 
this is an ok bar . 
the knurling is where you notice the   economy   price of the bar . 
sleeves move smoothly . 
no complaints . 
i read all kinds of reviews about this press before buying . 
this has been a great product . 
i reload 223 and 22 - 250 with it . 
over time , i make just as many rounds manually . 
all the presses have their bad points and require some fiddling . 
7,000 now   the more i like it ! 
it is by far the best value progressive press on the market . 
it 's kind of hard to write a review on paracord . 
it is what it is . 
tough , strong , and extremely useful in just about any situation . 
how can you go wrong ? 
so it 's 
still it 's a good buy.i measured the diameter 
and it is not quite 5 inches in diameter   outside measurement 
but it just would n't fit although close.had 
it been a true 5 inches in diameter 
it should have fit.yes 
i repaired it with nylon thread   does n't look great 
but it 's repaired .i 
there was one huge difference and that is the eye relief . 
this scope has a fantastic eye relief compared to the slightly cheaper tactege scope . 
you have to suck on it . 
also , the air vent whistles when you try to drink . 
no 12v or batter option available.otherwise love it . 
there is no substitiute for getting hands dirty . 
maximum weight for use   
lt   300 lbs . 
if you pay shipping then make some price comparisons . 
the are more balanced and high and angled just like you 'd want . 
i have found no better designed stands . 
it comes with 5 screws   one spare   and a hex wrench . 
i am very impressed with it . 
this is my 2nd holster of this type from uncle mikes . 
first one was for a xd , used it daily for 6yrs . 
no problems , very versatile , perfect!just purchased one for my g27 . 
no complaints . 
best holster for the money . 
buy it ! ! 
easy to see , looks great and fits like a tight glove . 
i don think it will come off under recoil . 
nice product . 
order two . 
great price here in amazon . will buy again . 
i would highly suggest buying the front sight as well . 
i have several sets of the magpul mbus sights . 
they are the best backup sights available in my opinion . 
if they could get stuff here sooner it might not be so bad . 
i ' m a first time golfer , just started a few weeks ago . 
i use these for when i run in the morning . 
i do not get chaffed and do not find they ride up the thigh . 
if you truly want a road bike , buy a road bike . 
beware that sweaty hands will have a hard time maintaining their grip . 
these are great glasses , the fit nice and are n't too tight . 
the materials are light and comfortable . 
the only thing i will have to say is they seem to fog up easy 
overall not a bad product 
but it depends on what you use if for . 
i do not like this bottle while biking . 
the container is attractive and it works the way they say it should work . 
the vest fits great and hangs nicely with my carry choice . 
i have bought several here in town . 
for myself these are helping retain as much strength as possible after much surgery . 
and they are a much better price than anywhere else i have found . 
i needed a new protective scope cover for an older scope . 
this cap does the job well , and did not cost much . 
these are very good quality and last a long time . 
it works great and i ' ve not had issues with it at all . 
i was happy that i had bought this many . 
price was great 
so i can not complain too much . 
1 - 3 month waiting period ... 
crazy right , 
love these bore snakes 
put this on a moe stock with no problems . 
helps reduce felt recoil and extends the stock about 1 2 inch . 
just could n't pass up for the price . 
it was more a novelty at first that in no way affected my workout . 
but again i had no issue with it.the dials to adjust the weight 
are very smooth and easy to operate . 
34 what are these for ?   
you simply pull them through and they lock on to loops or straps 
and it allows you to hook    34 things   34   to them . 
it is that it is a little short for my likes . 
i have a 9 mm springfield xdm , and it fits snugly in there . 
i am very pleased with this product and will refer to a friend . 
i have not ben let down yet ordering these brand of clothing . 
this is my third gerber of this same model . 
i love the one hand opening and closing . 
only one complaint   this time 
it was n't very sharp and had to put the edge on myself . 
this is a beautiful knife and is extremely sharp and durable . 
this knife has now become my everyday carry knife . 
this pump is barely okay . 
none of my friends could use this pump at all.mounting is good though . 
it is not small but mounts nicely night to my frame . 
no mounting hardware needed . 
the directions are slight and hard to read . 
ensure the internals are correct for presta or schrader . test the pump . 
ensure it is locked first.2 . 
to mount   unlock so that the unit has more spring action to it . 
adjust the length so that he pump is slightly longer than the placement area . 
compress the pump . 
mount it . 
the design will cause it to firmly attach . 
25 - 35 more . 
i 'd highly recommend this product . 
i do n't buy camping gear that has to be handeled   ' delicately ' 
the seams and stitching are solid . 
the zipper is fully functional . 
i can find no defects . 
my bag is dark blue , the grey looks great with it . 
the fabric quality is strong and comfortable . 
i ' m 6'5   34   and 350 lbs . 
i really like it especially for the price . 
solid handle ! 
quality nylon netting ! almost indestructable ! 
5 star ! 
for the money , this red dot has served me well . 
the brightness and nv option was a plus . 
this cup fits the bill perfectly . 
squirrel daddy hats off to you ! 
still kind of works , but not the way intended to . 
for wetsuit booties and boots get 3.5 - 5 mm . 
that is my experience ... 
the best course of action is to actually try on the wetsuits and accessories . 
i normally like coleman products and have owned quite a few . 
this tool has a tendency to fray cable strands . 
i should have returned it . 
its just as effective and more gentle on the cable using pliers . 
i received these towels a little over a month ago . 
they came very fast in the mail . 
they really do work and are very absorbent . 
i would definitely recommend them . 
i buy these for work and have them embroidered with company logo . 
nike polos look good and more professional than most knit or weave polos . 
wish nike would make tall sizes already 
i do n't like it . 
i would n't buy these ones again . 
oh , and it does n't take up much room when storing it . 
the beeman air rifle is an exelllent gun for the money . 
at 1,000 fps it is the most powerful gun i own . 
it can penetrate a 1 2 inch thick pine board at thrirty yards . 
it killed a dove easily at 20yds . 
the trigger pull is a little stiff 
but it dose n't bother me or affect the gun 's accuracy . 
the gun is also heavy , probably 10 lbs with the scope mounted . 
regular oiling seems to help contain it though . 
it has now been 8 months since i bought this 
and it still works great . 
i just shot a squirrel with it the other day . 
one shot through the shoulder at 20 yards and it died within seconds . 
i recommend crossman destroyers for hunting . 
same markings and manufacture . 
i ' m reaaly hap py with the pearce ext . 
grips for my xds . 
it made a huge difference in the feel of my gun . 
i wore these while walking the camino in spain . 
they were great , held up well and comfortable . 
i only got one small blister and that was a surprise . 
i walked 6 - 8 hours a day 12 - 18 miles a day . 
i never even changed socks during the day   
i know you should air your feet but had no issues 
socks were very comfortable and kept my feet dry . 
the design seemed to allow for flextion of the foot without stress . 
they did not shrink when washed . 
i took two pair , one to wear and one to wash . 
i wish the ad would be better to figure the size . 
added this to my setup recently . 
works just like the one at the gym . 
no problems so far . seems legit . 
it feels durable . 
it fits my xd 9 mm perfectly . 
i love the extra magazine holder as well . 
this is a great buy . 
the price was right and the shipping was fast and free . 
or ... this seems very hard to do 
but --- i never rule anything out . 
go ahead and get it ! 
maintenance and servicing tools included .     
mods so far   1 . 
intake check valve isolation with 7 16 washer and   6 spring , 2 . 
benjamin super sear , 3 . 
the first 3 pumps become a lot easier with check valve mod . 
acetone and q - tips to rid of inside muzzle paint . 
custom carrying case made out of one inch pvc pipe .    
surefire makes great stuff and stands behind it 100 . 
for the 951 952 lights i do n't really have a need for this . 
this is slightly looser than 1 inch . 
this dohickie thingamajig really works . 
your fingers will love you for it . 
not sure if air transport is allowed for this product . will check soon ! 
lots of screws to mount easily . 
i have not bzo it yet but seem good for money 
i picked up a lansky puck sharpener , great deal also . 
this bag was very nice . 
i would have paid three times the price . 
fit my shotgun perfectly , even with the long barrel attached . 
teaching an adult to swim can be quite difficult . 
this little gadget lets you focus on arms and legs rather than breathing . 
these were a big hit at the youth .22 competition . 
the kids as well as us adults enjoyed these targets . 
we will be buying more for the next meet . 
pay attention to the wording here two pack . 
i got this in the mail 
you ca nt beat it . 
well , it 's a black streak remover and it does just that ! 
just makes the whole process a ton easier . 
try the others . 
see what happens sometimes . 
what a relief -- a product that works better than advertised . 
compare and discover what i found out , after years of using brand 
i got about 4 uses out of this pump . 
overall , it is just a really cheap , plastic pump . 
just ordered a blackburn . 
hopefully that one holds up . 
uh , they work . 
not sure what else to say about these - oh yeah , good price . 
they are ultralight and work fine . 
fantastic thrower . 
i like these way better than anything cold steel makes . 
convinced me to try other condor stuff . 
very unnatural way to draw . 
all really great products with awesome customer service . 
clear sight picture not obscured by looking down a tube . 
so that when i call out ,    34 on your left !   
i bought this to use on an 80 lb . 
pistol crossbow . 
the reviews i read about the crossbow indicated that the string comes apart prematurely . 
i picked up this bivy primarily for use as a backpacking tent . 
i bought it because it is relatively cheap for a name brand tent . 
it packs small , and is relatively light . 
the mesh on the no see um tore on my second trip . 
do n't even know how . 
it was frustrating to say the least . 
it rips and tears and breaks . 
even at its low cost it is not worth the money . 
it is incredibly easy to work the tough was thread through thick material . 
the thread is tough and will hold for a permanent repair . 
nice underwear shorts for riding my airdyne exercycle ! ! ! 
nice little first aide kit . 
i really got it because of the metal case 
i put some rolled gauze and larger bandages in there . 
some of the things in there are n't useful for me . 
this is a well made pad that installs easily and performs well . 
however , it is quite bulky around the edges . 
not a functional detractor , but does n't look so good . 
four stars instead of five on account of aesthetics . 
it provides a safe and scratch - resistant surface at the firing line . 
the quality of this mat is first class , just like all boyt products . 
my only note is that it definitely will not fit in most range bags . 
it really contours to your body and its warmer than expected . 
i bought these for geocaching christmas presents . 
nice product ... seem like they are well constructed . 
i have been using them with no issues . 
i would definitely purchase them again if i need them in the future . 
the mounting kits come with clamps and 2 layers of rubber cushion and spacers . 
the ones mounted on the scooter take a beating and nothing has broken . 
great product ! 
but i purchased in red for visibility . 
you 're not wearing this jacket for fashion but bouyancy . 
easy fit . 
i was really hoping this stuff would work . 
we just had such horrible ant problems . 
we left this out for two weeks straight , replenishing as necessary . 
no luck . 
it was like we were feeding the ants . 
they loved it , we had huge swarms , but 
they did n't die.wish combat ant killing gel came in these little plastic containers . 
i could have the safety and the effectiveness combined . 
combat works within a day . 
i wonder how long it takes terro to work . 
i do n't know . 
two weeks was plenty of time to give it , i felt . 
i finally had to drag out the combat gel . 
the halo protex bandana has been a nice find . 
i found it very soft and comfortable . 
it does a really good job of releasing heat and sweat when i ride . 
my head stays pretty cool . 
it blocks out the sun 
so i can not burn the top of my head when i shave it . 
i also found it very helpful when the riding in cooler weather . 
it 's a very versatile skull cap . 
i also wear it under my ski helmet too . 
i was pleasantly surprised . 
5 stars ! ! ! 
i ordered the 2   pad for my yugo sks . 
it gave me a much more comfortable length of pull . 
i am 6 ' with a long reach . 
easy install by removing two screws and original butt pad . 
the original yugo screws worked fine . 
nice fit on the yugo stock . 
in every other respect , the abs stakes are decidedly an upgrade . 
i ' m happy with the purchase . 
love the ball - the chalk is still a little messy . 
but i solved that by putting the ball on a bog bowl . 
this parachute cord is useful for all kinds of things . 
i am currently using them as shoe laces in my work boots . 
the two modifications i use to all my outdoor knives are   grind 
and then the knife become a better extension of your arm.it 
holds an edge quite well . 
all i have to say is this program is the real deal . 
the exercises are definitely effective and challenging . 
good luck and stick with it ... 
it is the real deal . 
if you are thinking about getting these , stop wondering and act . 
they are worth every penny . 
what can i say . 
amazon has everything that i need . 
lee is a product that you can trust and depend on . 
amazon had my order to me in no time flat . 
like 6 days . 
purchased for short range pistol , 25 yards or less . 
sometimes place in the middle of a paper plate for double tap practice . 
the hits show up well and i like the peel and stick function . 
big and sharp ! 
just a slab of steel with an edge . 
cut through palm tree branches like nothing . 
sharpens easily.but with gloves on i 
can not keep it 100   secure . 
so i can not get a big swing for fear of losing control . 
i have average hands . 
if yours are bigger , have fun chopping down the forest 
very pleased with this light . 
the lights are very bright . 
totally pleased no negative comments . 
works great . 
not to heavy 
but you can tell the weight is on the end . 
i would recommend it . 
that could cost you 50 - 60   to have a shop fix . 
a sizeable amount of cash relative to the cost of the bike.im having no problems 
the shifter placement takes up all that real state in the bars . 
finally a quality bag at a reasonable price . 
it 's well thought out and will hold up to abuse . 
it holds a weeks worth of clothes easy 
this is a great addition to your cleaning supplies . 
probably not . 
but they look cool 
and it 's just a neat little mat . 
cheap enough to justify getting one . 
i bought these to be able to swim longer and focus on form . 
i think they 're fantastic ! 
for longer swims i like to mix it up and add these in 
and i find i can really focus on my form in the water . 
money well spent ! 
fits pmags and gi mags fine . 
its pretty hard to get on and off my 5.11 belt 
but that is exactly how it should be . 
this should never come off without serious effort . 
i love this mat . 
i can not feel the hard floor at all . 
she has already caused some damage , but it 's very minor . 
it 's only a bore snake .... 
no need to get excited about it . 
i do like hoppe 's to clean my guns ! 
they always have quality products . 
this is a large cook set that will easily feed three or four people . 
mesh bag is great . 
plenty of room for the gsi backpack kitchen utensils i have come to love . 
the dark exterior should be good for solar cooker use . 
i will try solar cooking soon because i like the idea of free fuel ! 
i am always careful about controlling heat to avoid burning my meal ! 
great kit ! 
i say buy it ! 
great stuff . 
i only have to sum this up in one word . 
after the beating , it was still perfectly sharp to whittle my marsh mellow stick 
too.when i got this knife 
when you handle it and use it though , it is perfect . 
keep up the good work and thanks for a great price . 
these are a high - quality snap cap and should last me forever . 
works great ! ! 
well worth it .. 
i have tried standard flat pellets and pointed pellets . 
however , i prefer to use these . 
they seem to fire smoother and are nicely accurate . 
but it 's no biggy . 
it 's real light and only takes seconds to sharpen any blade . 
great tool to have with you 
more like a baby blue . 
this pack is great , the zippers are good . 
the sticking is excellent . 
they really though this out . 
the strap is more padded then the military style pack i waas issued . 
so yes i would buy it again . 
is it better 
then a military issued pack ? 
size is just right not to big not to small . 
this holster does nt quite fit right when wearing it . 
i have one for 9 mm and .45 
great case to transport and store the coffee maker and parts . 
this really is n't a great paddle . 
it 's very cheap and heavy . 
however this one is really low end . 
a need for every gun owner . 
i got these gym gloves for myself . 
i was wrong . 
they fit nicely and snug but not too tight . 
i am six feet tall and got the large size and they fit perfectly . 
they are so helpful during my workouts . 
great gloves ! 
by the time i noticed it , it was past the return date . 
m sure it 'll keep my bike safe in my relatively low crime area . 
this new system holds the low 2 - 3 inches away from the frame . 
there 's just no room . 
this product is very good for the price . 
it 's winter 
so i wear running tights 
i suspect it is as with tights i do n't notice it at all . 
i normally use no - show socks 
so this thing was on my ankle on bare skin . 
i really did n't like the feel at all . 
a straw holder into the body of the bottle . 
sometimes i need to go outside before bed time to let me dogs out . 
in the suburbs of atlanta , georgia the mosquitoes work quickly . 
i like not having to wash off bug spray before bed . 
it 's really easy to take on and off so it 's super convenient . 
i use this for my professional work environment   
otherwise , it is a great product . 
very durable construction and well worth the money . 
meets all my expectations . 
i like this stuff more than hoppes . 
shipped quickly and will last for a while being the larger can . 
includes a small straw to attach to the nozzle . 
great product ! 
all through that chaos , this tent was untouched.caveat   
almost no water intrusion even in extreme weather that sent other shelters sailing . 
hey this water container is great 
i us it for keeping water on hand for just in case 
but i bought mine from walmart for   10 
if in doubt - you may want to order one size 
up.a few people have complained about the thin padding . 
maybe i ' m a liitle different . 
is good for me . 
do i use these extensively ? 
also , you ca nt beat the price . 
i am very satisfied with this purchase . 
better than instant coffee in a pinch ! 
though you have to work for it ! 
i like the material and comfort . 
padding is great . 
wore it on a 100 mile ride . 
a bit smaller than expected but ok . 
i ' m 6 ft 190 and got an xl . 
bought this for my 14-year - old . 
he 's been using these bows at county park archery events . 
i think they 're great   
they 're also used in most schools camps these days as teaching bows . 
i live on a farm and use this for a lot of different things . 
this bag is versatile enough to use for several purposes . 
the construction is very solid and seems to be very durable . 
it makes a great range bag too . 
i will save my money for top quality bb 's for my tri bike . 
this water bottle is amazing ! 
its a great size and keeps water nice and cool . 
this is extremely quick and easy to use . 
i would buy it again . 
for the price you would be hard pressed to beat the quality and construction . 
not sure what the audio port is for .. 
i would not recommend using it for music.love these . 
i opted to use a zip tie to make the mount permanent . 
good brightness and make me very visible on dark roads . 
i feel much safer riding with this at night . 
as others stated , extremely hard to open at first . 
now it opens effortlessly . 
my 2012 vw jetta had some issues . 
i was able to return it no problem.it is a nice rack , folks . 
quite sturdy and the hooks are coated to help prevent scratching . 
4 stars for quality . 
outbags ob-04sc   
i got mine delivered on time . 
wish it had a full tang but that would add to the weight . 
all in all happy with the product . 
otherwise i would have purchased something that provide longer battery life . 
easy to use , easy to carry , and reliable . 
it works great ! 
right on at 30 feet . 
so , i checked all my iron sights on my revolvers and rifles . 
this was done at home at a 40 foot distance . 
for the price , you can not beat it . 
i ' m very happy with it . 
i was surprised at how line this thing was when i got it . 
imagine if i had installed the mounts for two kryptonite standards on my bike ? 
how heavy would that have made my bike ? 
i would recommend . 
and its cheap . 
on the package buck claims   the ultimate in safety and durability . 
this is the first thing i noticed when i picked up this knife . 
i have had the carabiner clips break on a couple other knives 
so i like this one for the solid ring .   
19.97 retail    walmart . 
i ' m going to stock up on these . 
perfect way to save ammo and use it wisely . 
place them on target and ready to shoot ! highly recommend 
while i ' ve worn a large in every other exercise glove 
large.what i like most about these gloves so far are the slightly longer fingers . 
perfect fit to my sks , really keeps the casings from hitting my scope . 
the shell deflector is made real good and sturdy . 
bell sound is long and clear . 
needed to be sanded to fit my mini 14 ranch . 
much better feel than original . 
looks good on the rifle . 
i changed my tires from a 26x1.95 mountain bike tire to this 26x1.50 rubena . 
the difference is remarkable . 
the thinner tire has less road contact and a lot less resistance . 
it made for a lot smoother ride . 
hope that it works on zombies . 
a co2 pistol would have done betterthis gun does not have range at all . 
i love frog lube . 
it is definitely by favorite clp . 
all my guns stay nice and lubed and look great . 
a handy little device , yes . 
so it 's an easy on and off . 
a velcro flap over the opening would be great   
let 's get that fixed crosman . 
and you spill ten bucks worth of pellets allover the ground 
, you 'll know exactly what i was talking about . 
i bought this to go with my pull up bar and it works great . 
it works great for beginners too . 
solid product . 
excellent pliers and works easily . 
shipped very quickly . 
crimps the nocks on with no effort at all 
and i used it to pull my d loop tight on the bow string . 
i recommend them highly but they are a tad bulky . 
very cool idea and the quality of the workmanship was top notch . 
no tooling marks , good finish etc . 
great job , howard leight ! 
only wish these were offered in various colors as my girlfriend wants a pair ! 
light , inexpensive . comfortable . 
great bushcraft tool . 
this is my fourth mora . 
have not been disappointed yet . 
this one did arrive slightly less sharp than my mg and mora utility . 
easy to sharpen . 
wonderful product , we love 'em ......... 
i must say candy 2 is far superior to candy 1 . 
they are easier to care for , lighter , and very cool looking . 
the finish has held up quite well , and is very easy to clean . 
the rubber grip around the middle makes it easier to hang on to . 
does a good job of keeping beverage cold . 
for anyone interested in military history this is a must have . 
sheath is not great , but can be replaced . 
it turns out 
i , personally , see this target more frequently . 
this is perfect for making bracelets and other paracord items with the kids . 
worked flawlessly . 
the steel is excellent and comes with a hair popping edge . 
this is not stainless 
so it 's very easy to retouch the edge 
but it does require a bit more care to prevent rust . 
can not wait to use this thing as a camping knife . 
it 's such a nice looking knife 
i ' m not sure if i want to even use it . 
if the metal resists corrosion i may have to order a few more . 
bought this for trans pacific flights and it really adds to the comfort . 
these are the best sights that i have ever used for visibility . 
the trijicon orange shows up exceptionally well on all backgrounds . 
for combat accuracy on various background and lighting conditions , these are my favorites . 
easy to install , what you see is what you get . 
might try a punisher skull backplate next . 
i preferred this particular american flag backplate vs a similar one . 
but i can not imagine not having it now . 
no smell or oily residue . 
best stuff ever ! 
bright enough for me for riding around town late at night after work . 
and that 's why you will not find this hat on condor 's website . 
they do n't make this kinda crap!-patch attachment points are ok 
but they 're single - stitched . 
this is not the same kinda material 
most    34 ball caps   34   are made of . 
it 's flimsier . 
it 's noticeably more faded lighter in color than all my other od gear . 
yes , it definitely is lighter . 
these are perfect for the florida transitions . 
they are great for the cool mornings that transition to warm days . 
very well made . 
sized just right . 
this bag is awesome . 
admittedly , its my first backpacking baag . 
the sheer amount of pockets and spaces are awesome . 
it is very comfortable , even though the bag itself is rather heavy . 
5 pounds . 
but the aluminim frame built into it , is what adds the weight . 
i love this knife . 
it is practically perfect in my opinion as an edc knife in every respect . 
there is no blade play and a strong back lock . 
they 're very attractive and comfortable . 
it 's also very convenient that this product includes two weights . 
got this on an amazon lightning deal . 
it 's a pretty nice knife . 
very sharp with an interesting cut to the blade . 
i highly recommend this knife as a primary or backup outdoor knife . 
in which case , buy more socks . 
but what is ... 
i heartily recommend this product - well designed and does its functions well ... 
the op bipod is an easy 5 stars . 
would 100   tell you to purchase . 
they are the best is quality and have not had one issuse . 
i own both op 1    2 and both are excellent buys . 
i use these before running competitions . 
i received the red version of the this light . 
this is the 2nd headlamp from energizer that i ' ve owned . 
it works great , and i like the red lights on it . 
purchased this item to go on a road trip . 
the minivan started to feel crowded with wife , kids and dogs . 
the outside frame bolts together . 
the floor feels cheap and light weight . 
the cargo carrier held up very nicely . 
and the price is right ! 
there is no extravagant review as this product is basic and functional . 
ammunitions seat snugly and case is rugged with decent heat resistance . 
this was purchased as a gift for my son . 
i am impressed with this product from the standpoint of usability . 
it is well made for what it is , i would definitely recommend it . 
it is primarily made of plastic with some metal components . 
the unit is lighter than i would like though it works well . 
you can not go wrong especially if this is your first 
and you are on a budget . 
get this and a couple of extra magazines 
and you are set . 
i like these tires . 
the application i used this for is a ford taurus . 
however , it works well for what we needed it for . 
just ok . as long as a car does n't hit you . 
so much better than propane ... cheaper , longer - lasting and brighter light . 
magazine pouches fit ar 15 30 round magazines very well . 
good buy at a good price . 
i purchased several after i bought my first one . 
very satisfied .. 
i feel safer and more confident with this model . 
this product is exactly as advertised . 
good quality , easy to install , and works extremely well . 
the utg is higher even though it is labeled low profile . 
i ended up returning this base and keeping the utg one . 
excellent product . 
worked perfectly . 
feels strong . 
bought it to mount a mini red dot sight and it worked flawlessly . 
but looks cool on another gun i put it on . 
great little rucksack for the money . 
so you could put chairs inside . 
it could probably fit two queen mattresses if needed . 
great purchase and price ! 
i just came back from camping . 
first night , i chose the suv . 
i found out it was 29 degrees out that night . 
i ran the heater off and on to keep me warm in my suv . 
that was my first night.second night , i knew what i was in for . 
i had sweat pants and a sweat shirt on . 
this time , i used the sleeping bag . 
getting in was hecka cold ! 
i was about to jump back into my suv . 
then it warmed up and i did get some sleep . 
it did get a little difficult pulling the zipper up all the way closed . 
i read past reviews 
and i did n't want my zipper to break too . 
it gets caught and binds and all that 
and it was in the dark . 
so you try to stay in your bag and snuggle up 
but that was a challenge . 
so i did get some rest 
but i was n't ready for the zipper 
i had to sleep with sweat pants and sweat shirt at 29 degrees . 
this plano case is the perfect size for my small mission craze . 
two solid closing clasps make for a secure lock - up for transportation . 
got this shirt to get free super saver shipping 
n it 's actually a really nice shirt . 
comfortable , inexpensive , warm , and cozy . 
i love these bibies warm and dry all day . 
fast shipping , good price . 
break free is a quality product . 
it cleans and lubes . 
you do n't need solvent to clean out the gun bore . 
break free cleans and lube the gun bore . 
fast and easy gun product . 
i like the style , the product material , the caps . 
my only isty bitsy complant is that i wish it insulated better . 
i am a sipper and would like hot liquids to stay hot longer . 
altogether a pretty good purchase and am mostly satisfied . 
the metal valve stem was not well attached to the rubber . 
absolutely no hassle on the return . 
it was caused by a long glass splinter . 
it made a huge difference in my 870 supermag , especially when loading . 
it is everything it is supposed to do . 
i pumped it up and got to work getting my rhythm down . 
the firefield   7.62x39 
on off switch   
i really like this knife ! 
it takes some time to break in of course 
but once you do you ll be slingin like a pro . 
it is durable steele highly recommend it for any outdoorsman or military . 
this 4th of july was a special one for our family . 
my husbands brothers flew in from taiwan and connecticut . 
they are built well and fly straight for the most part . 
not a bad set to leave in a drawer and use occasionally . 
it is a little larger than i expected but i got used to it . 
just wish they made it in a slightly smaller size 
met all expectations ! 
this sight is lightweight . 
mounts easily and was a snap to sight in . 
i have one on my browning buckmark .22 and on my mossy tactical shotgun . 
would i submurge it in twelve fathoms of water - probably not . 
i am an avid shooter and an nra instructor . 
this was the perfect opportunity to test this charger . 
and , voila ! 
my battery was working again , phew ! ! ! 
i honestly have no idea about all these amps , volts and such . 
i mean several levels past hair - popping sharp . 
considering how long this should last me , i can justify the cost . 
looks nice , fits my butt and it is comfortable to ride . 
put 40 miles on it this weekend and had no issues . 
as others mentionned this is a little small . 
i took l while i normally wear m 
and they fit perfect.i ' m not fat or skinny   i ' 
m averagely - fit . 
so yeah.they 're otherwise good quality . 
keeps batteries , anything you can think of . 
its small enough it wo nt get in your way . 
this is a very simple product . 
no   on - off   switch , just the screw on battery cover . 
do not close the action . 
it is not bright enough to see in daylight over distance . 
if you aim it at a white background or target , that helps too . 
staple a sheet of paper to your shed or tree and that works fine . 
well , that can happen , sometimes . 
i am very happy i spend the 20 bucks on this . 
woohoo , these tennis balls are great ! 
good buy ! 
i use this all the time and its great . 
not too big , not too small . 
holds everything i need and is tough . 
definitely the last toiletry bag i 'll buy for a looooooooooooong time . 
i purchased this prior to a camping trip last summer . 
it works brilliantly . 
very bright , with nice dim - able feature for nighttime use . 
very happy with it . 
i ' m seeing a lot of complaints that these are too small . 
if that is your problem , you ordered the wrong bands . 
personally , i have stuff everywhere   and boy , does my wife love it 
you probably need this , if you actually play airsoft . 
reloading is a bitch without one . 
get 5 or 8 or 14 . 
ordered these for aesthetically purposes and the function verywell ! 
definitely better than the punisher ones i bought from thesame seller . 
these fit like they were factory installed . 
the imageis very good . 
finally got a chance to use my tent and this groundcloth . 
setup was a snap and this cloth fit perfectly underneath my spitfire ... 
i ' m very impressed . 
i am using this belt for my springfield xd 9 mm . 
however it works like a dream very durable . 
everything everyone said below me was also accurate . 
thankfully , i was wrong ! 
i did a double take when i saw this . 
i bought a general about 4 years ago because i have big hands . 
this is an incredible knife and it 's nice to see it back . 
call it what you will , it will always be a general to me . 
get one before they sell out . 
you will not regret it . 
so it was a pain to bend and install . 
but now that it 's on , everything seems great . 
it 's made of plastic and comes apart very easily . 
i ' ve boiled water and cooked in it on many occasions . 
the only gripe i have with the pot is the handle . 
it tends to come loose from the locking mechanism on the pot itself . 
it 's an easy fix , but a pain in the butt . 
open and close it a few times . 
i usually fill it up with water and cinch it 
this sack is durable and does not leak . 
i use spectra cord and a mini carabiner lighter , soap , and tp . 
my spork then slides into the bag next to the pot . 
i also have the dog light product as well . 
it is very bright . 
it 's a little sticky but it holds plenty of bbs and does fine . 
it 's worth the whole 98 cents i payed for it . 
i actually bought this light before owning any actual firearms . 
i originally bought this in a size smaller . 
when it came out of the laundry it had shrunk significantly . 
i was able to set this up easily .. 
i have to remember to take off when sitting- 
it 's a very .... nice boat . 
i have used it twice . 
it 's comfortable with 3 adults . 
the weakest link is the oars . 
my husband broke one oar trying to tighten it . 
if you are planning to use a motor with it , registration is required . 
highly recommended ! 
like the arrow holders as well . 
bonus - made in the usa ! 
if you need a sling with swivels , look no further . 
this thing fits perfect . 
i bought these for emergency use . 
i have n't used them 
i bought for an emergency kit . 
pretty good bike for the price . 
turns out there was nothing to worry about . 
the drive train and rear wheel were already assembled to the frame . 
in all , i had the bike assembled in about 45 minutes . 
aired up the tires and it was ready to ride . 
you know .... 
where you throw your change , toothpicks , mints , et cetera ... 
, i should n't say    
34 throw   34 .... 
i should say where you keep things ... 
important things if you ask me ... and 
you can be sure of the following ... 
take every facet use of a knife this size you can think of .... 
you will be impressed.quality across the board ... best regards , skullsplitter - the ceo 
hard to give a tube a review 
but i have n't had a problem with over 1000 miles 
so it 's doing it 's job . 
i 'll start weighing different tubes i use which would probably be more helpful . 
i tried these based on a suggestion , but so far like what 
i ' m feeling . 
the calf portion is not as tight but still feels good . 
i were these after i play and feel great the rest of the day . 
m playing . 
worth the money and will see how they perform over time . 
this tent is huge . 
i could put 3 queen size airbeds in it . 
i got the tent up with minimal work . 
then you can waterproof it and have fun in the back yard . 
i love it . 
good for derailleurs , awful for hubs and freewheels.it 's too thick . 
and there 's no information about it 's nlgi rating . 
for about   60 , this thing can not be beat . 
what i have experienced with it   hunting . 
successful hunting . 
i 'll get to the heartbreak of that story here in a sec ... 
i like the way the blind is set up . 
the great thing about this blind is that animals have no idea 
you 're there . 
this blind does that job very well . 
and again , it is cheap . 
the downside to this blind is that it 's small . 
it is too small for 2 people if you are bowhunting . 
i could n't figure out how i had missed for the life of me . 
just make sure you do n't shoot the window ... 
this is it ... 
it barely fits my glock 27 , mag and knife . 
it also fits my m p shield , mag and knife . 
meets tsa requirements with locking holes and clasps . 
not only do these work 
well , the fit    finish are excellent . 
fit perfectly and hopefully hold up well . 
this is heavy and awkward to put together and carry to the car . 
otherwise , it would fall over . 
it is not very big , but that makes it transportable to the range . 
knoxx axiom stock is a great addition to any rifle 
the fit is excellent . 
i would recommend the knoxx axiom stock for anybody wanting to improve accuracy . 
it also fits the sr9c i bought later , although a bit more snugly . 
be sure to try out the specific combination before you need to draw from it.if 
arrived fast . 
packaged well . 
this tomahawk is rugged and useful . 
holds up well to heavy duty use . 
this mask is awesome ! ! 
it is super lightweight and conforms to my face perfectly . 
some cons   the mask is small . 
your jaw will probably stick out . 
the lens takes five seconds to take off and put back on . 
i love this mask and highly recommend it . 
not thrilled with how stiff it is , but that 's just my opinion . 
unless of course you have a very wide belt . 
great set of dvds the peps in this series are advanced 
good quality mask with a great field of vision . 
the mask is comfortable and breath well to prevent fog up . 
i will definitely buy more ! 
they fit well , they hit well and they feel tip top . 
it must be a protective coating applied to keep these safe in storage . 
good product , got fast shipping and delivery and very happy with it . 
long life ion the cells and brighter than some cheaper ones i looked at . 
the elevation index was very loose and is misaligned to the elevation knob . 
i love the zzzpop ! 
mode on this baby , and i use that mode exclusively . 
can not bend to adjust to face and the nose part dug in . 
and i have a pretty average size face . 
pay more for a better mask , you will be happy . 
i would purchase again , and would recomend . 
these are perfect for those tight and hard to reach places ! 
tuck it away and hope you never have to think about it again . 
this is what it 's for and what it does . 
these are well constructed shorts . 
nice heavy cotton , nice waist band . 
the only real issue i had with these is the draw string . 
i recommend this product . 
let 's look at options . 
i have more than a dozen dead watches in my drawer . 
so i buy a quartz watch that uses a rechargeable battery . 
no battery change and usually 1 10 second or better inaccuracy per day . 
this obvious makes life to simple . 
who would want perfection without all of the hassle?i love this watch . 
ok , it is not perfect . 
i had to change the band with another ediface i own . 
i did this 3 days in a row and got tired of it . 
maybe casio should offer a half link . 
some say that the day and date are to small . 
that is why magnifying glasses are made . 
i am a senior and see it fine . 
i just need some light because of cataracts . 
if i want a stopwatch , i use my smart phone . 
i like the looks . 
the knife is good quality and serves its function well . 
the sheath is ok for occasional use . 
so keep that in mind . 
otherwise it 's a handy piece of hardware . 
it was pretty easy to set up after watching the video . 
and i was able to set this up on my own . 
no bow square 
so i used an arrow   minus tip   and a level . 
got it pretty well set that way.took it to the range . 
paper tuned it , then went and fired . 
first group was okay . 
x 4   
x 1.5   with internal dividers , elastic loops and durable dual zipper opening . 
i have never encountered a zipper failure on any maxpedition product . 
the janus is water and abrasion resistant and extremely durable . 
it will handle any abuse that you can dish out.if 
great target spots to use at the range and less expensive than the range 
i live in seattle   an extremely hilly city   
and i run 11 - 28 t normally 
but i 'll hold onto this cassette for the odd mountain ride . 
one star deducted for weight but the price is awesome ! ! 
this holster is well made and has a level 2 retention . 
the weapon ca nt is adjustable as is the level of retention while drawing . 
it comes with both a paddle and a belt loop mount . 
i have these in a couple calibers . 
possibly enough to cause a load or eject failure that missed my brief physical inspection.after 
i can run through 100 loaded rounds in 2 - 3 minutes . 
trail riding is very hard and a firm grip on the bike is mandatory . 
these grips are very comfy and make my hands not hurt at all . 
overflowing with great adjectives . 
it fits her hands securely , as well as mine   much bigger . 
this bow is great you can hunt and practice with it 
but it does n't come with a stabilizer 
the metal pommel was only attached with soft plastic . 
this is a defective design for anything other than a pretty toy . 
i guess that is what bear grylls is really all about . 
this is not a survival knife . 
gerber responded with their boilerplate when i asked for redress . 
how does one prove that this was not due to   improper use ? 
there is not any proper use of this piece of garbage . 
did not fit into the handle well . 
it just did not work for me 
finally ! a great functioning , multiple use tool for a very reasonable price ! 
cleans everything ! 
now they just need to make one for the ar-10 . 
their products are built to last and take some abuse . 
i do n't think a single seam ever came loose . 
thankfully , it easily can be removed if you want to travel light . 
the water bottle pocket that can fit a full - sized 1l 32 oz . 
nalgene is a huge plus . 
this is a very good quality ab wheel and worth every penny . 
as an added bonus , it is also made in the usa . 
this kid seat rocks ! 
keeps the kids where you want them , in the center . 
installing the crossbar takes a little bit of time . 
the crossbar will not mount well witha high arch top tube . 
but for most bikes , this thing is great . 
kids love it . 
okay the thing works great , at least for someone to practice with ... 
it 's good . 
i used my hk g36c aeg on it and it works fine . 
i shot the center bull out so many times 
nice little one inch hole right through the back of this thing .   
might want to reinforce it , crossman ! 
otherwise , you might want to reinforce the back . 
something about the coating really likes the soft gel coating on the target . 
my mom would have never let me shoot in the house as a kid . 
the name says it all ! 
i bought this bipod last christmas for my weatherby vanguard . 
it works great , i love it . 
very stable and very solid support . 
very durable . 
excellent value . compares favorably to pro v1x . 
i was using glass because it 's safer than plastic , at least plastic 
that   unlike   this one is not   bpa free . 
unfortunately the rubber bite valve is a huge pain in the butt to use ... 
that   unlike a normal straw   you can close and seal . 
it 's small and light and easy to carry . 
perfect backup filter . 
and it holds them all easily . 
i ' m sure i 'll update my review . 
it can be mounted most anyplace . 
i got this for my 100 lb bag and it holds up great . 
but it does have poles to put barbell weights on to hold it down . 
also sturdy enough to hit it also for iron body techniques 
5 stars for getting the job done . 
very east to set up . 
well made . 
went on two night cub - oree with son and have no complaints . 
recommend to anyone . 
this bag is bulky and heavier than a mummy bag 
but i ' m a big guy and the extra space    
weight is well worth the added effort for comfort . 
but that 's better than cold . 
maximun protection and very comfortable . 
not too much tint and no distorttion 
even when worn when driving a vehicle with tinted windows 
purchased this knife cause of the look and product name . 
was very pleased when it arrived . 
its fit , feel and overall appearance is incredible . 
i love it . 
feel like a well worn glove in the hand . 
schrade has improved their line and this is one of them . 
that 's the reason for only 4 stars , other than that . 
knife is worth the cost . 
will get another one for back - up . 
this knife is   all business .... 
the headlight is really strong and the lamp it self was easy to install . 
did not need to use any tools . 
i guess i expected a heavier knife when i purchased them . 
they are very thin and light and my first throws were less than accurate . 
i think they are better suited to throwing at a target . 
i gave them to my wife . 
she said the spider was pretty ....... 
no worries with this product . 
it arrived quickly and was just as advertised . 
they lock tight onto the cord and make working with much easier . 
cheap , durable , and gets the job done . 
no complaints . 
i bought these for my 1077 crosman pellet gun and they work perfect . 
they give me extra shooting time i also bought three extra magazines one for each 
not bad . 
and i am ready for 48 more shots . 
should be labeled as a 4.5 lb minus connector . 
good product , makes a noticeable , but not major difference . 
note   a major difference would be undesirable . 
the biometrics work better than i had expected . 
work well though for keeping curious visitors or guests at bay . 
nice to have an extra gun 
locked up in various places around the house . 
this is a nice kit . 
rods do n't wiggle when connected and brushes are of nice quality . 
i recommend this product . 
great glasses at this price . 
i typically wear lab safety glasses   arctic   to shoot . 
good wrap around design for larger faces too . 
got amber based on the reviewers advice . 
wish it came with a case since it has a large profile when folded . 
i almost ordered an xs but was so glad a small was recommended instead . 
a size small fits snugly on my legs    thru my shoulders . 
as a personal trainer , i recommend it to all my clients . 
this is a very good product . 
the first thing you want to do is replace the cordage with something longer . 
this is still a good product and i own several . 
spark and fire starter with a cover and striker all in one package . 
this tire has a lot of grip and is very quiet when riding . 
mechanical movements are smooth , but just a little tight when new . 
works well on my remington 597 ... holds a solid zero . 
wonderful product ! ! ! 
this thing is bomb proof ! ! 
not too loud either . 
very easy set up . 
quick release works well . 
def recommend ! ! 
at 35 - 40 degrees , things can get painful when biking . 
this is especially true for my toes and fingers . 
i bought these covers to help protect my toes . 
-so they definitely do help . 
this rack is simple and solid . 
the rack uses velcro straps so it 's easy . 
to tilt the rack back you pull out a pin . 
the mountain bike style or women 's specific frames might not be compatible . 
while driving shaking and road chatter was minimal . 
are there better racks out there ? 
absolutely , but they are quadruple the price . 
this jersey is well made and comfortable . 
the price is also very good . 
i wish that there are more styles to choose . 
so they get held tight . 
it is well constructed and has held up well . 
i do nt recommend it for big double stack magazines of handguns over 9 mm 
i think it holds just enough . 
no loose pellets in the pocket and getting stuck in a crease . 
no tin can rattling while walking or running after food . 
we have all had hatchets . 
some good others really , really bad . 
this hatchet by estwing is amazing craftsmanship . 
all in all an excellent buy that any camper can pack with ease . 
i ordered this for emergencies . 
i was shocked.the packets we tried .... 
i expected at least the shrimp one to be gross . 
it turned out to be a favorite . 
if you plan to use this type of food for camping etc . 
i recommend that you get a few long handled sporks . 
it helps to stir the contents with the water more easily . 
if you wish to use it for backpacking ... it weighs nothing . 
best fire starter 
i ' ve had 
and i suspect it will provide more sparks than i will ever need . 
it has a large seat and lots of programmable options . 
cons about the schwinn 150 ? 
it 's unique and downright fantastic ! 
i highly recommend it ! 
my size is 34 but these shorts is to big to 
i do n't care about it - 
it fits to my wife.buy one size smaller . 
the instructions do include which kinds of solutions or solvents that they recommend 
but i have lost that sheet 
so i can not provide any details on that . 
it has n't fallen off yet ! 
installation was a breeze . 
it 's a good product . 
this light is way flimsier than i have come to expect from energizer . 
sham on you , energizer , for doing so poorly on this model . 
the only thing giving it 3 stars is the brightness . 
but even that is terrible for spotlight distance . 
it 's not exactly heavy duty but is good for basic storage needs . 
do n't store precious things like a two year old in it . 
i gave it to my husband because it hurts my tailbone . 
we removed back off chair it can not support weight or it will break . 
it rolls great on carpet    is perfect desktop height . 
it is n't comfortable at all . 
it was allot more comfortable than having ball inside roller pedestal . 
i got what i expected and at a good price . 
everything fit and was straight . 
well balanced and was good the few times i got to throw it . 
the sheath was already coming apart before i got it out of the box . 
so far mtech knives i have bought exceed my expectations and i have 
could not mount the first shipment . 
the second one was as advertised . 
this minimal holster is great for nightstand or car duty . 
they are also very cute . 
i wish i bought these ages ago 
it is durable and helps get a good grip . 
it also also lessen the recoil of the handgun . 
get rem oil where you want when you need it . 
this is my second sog knife . 
the first knife i own is the sog twitch xl with the rosewood handle . 
on my first knife the assisted opening spring was broken . 
you could not open the knife using the thumb stud . 
even after oiling and using it still feels slow opening . 
this knife is very over - hyped in terms of quality and caliber . 
my crkt koji hara ichi knife or my gerber outrigger assisted opening knife . 
the blade is sharp out of the box . 
the lock back lever is too tight for such a small knife . 
the spring clip is excessively strong . 
the build quality is good , but nothing exceptional , also non adjustable pivot . 
unfortunately , this will be the last sog assisted opening knife i will purchase . 
it is just an average quality , average performing knife . 
well , what do you expect . 
you get what you pay for . 
it does work 
but i would not count on any accuracy from this . 
oh well ! 
god bless em for trying . 
great fiting cycling shorts . 
the 8 panels does make the fit more comfortable . 
i have n't even used this thing yet 
but it gets real close . 
it is worth the money as long as it holds up in the field . 
this is just a great stopwatch , and not just for kids . 
just a stopwatch . 
if you are like this , then you ' ve found the perfect stopwatch . 
it is sturdy , inexpensive , and very easy to operate . 
simple is good -- even great -- in this case ! 
these are my first revolver speedloaders and they are easy to load and use . 
nice product and price . will be ordering more soon for sure . 
i workout constantly . 
therefore , i seem to go through workout wear every 4 - 5 months . 
i really like this adidas apparel made out of clima365 . 
it looks great and it seems to resist odors . 
oh man i love this bag . 
so much that i bought two . 
this bag holds tons of stuff . 
i ' m considering buying a few more for christmas gifts . 
they are n't heavy , they are n't expensive . 
this little carpenter 's axe is one of them . 
i 'll let you know if a few velcro tabs work well enough . 
i ' m going to the range again this weekend . 
well worth the money if you need a couple extra rounds close at hand . 
i think , something to do with the coat on the glass . 
but the sight is great when you are able to zero it . 
the size is very good size , small and compact . 
and it 's good to go ! ! 
she loves it and it seems to be very sturdy and works as described . 
the fluid is the way to go ! ! 
the m87 tactical mount is a very well made piece . 
the mounting holes lined right up with the pins in the action . 
it is solid and holds a red dot sight as solid as a rock . 
this would have been a 5 star rating 
i am really happy with this sling . 
i can see why they might not include them . 
but for someone more   hands on , there are better options out there . 
no carry pouch , but not a big deal . 
i wish they made the handle with something you can get a grip on . 
the surface is too smooth . 
it 's something i would n't normally have . 
ever since i got one of their multitools i have been addicted to this companies 
and i am very pleased with this little number . 
very happy with the amount of light this things throws out . 
you will be pleased to have hands free and plenty of light . 
battery life is great . 
this is not my favorite pocket knife 
but it will do . 
for the price , this is an ok set . 
good for one or two emergencies . 
super fast shipping and a great size riser for your ar 15 . 
build real good with spring retention . 
would definitely buy again if need arises . 
i had to unscrew it and reset the 2 halves together . 
also the company logo peels off pretty easily . 
and it kept both my babies safe and secure . 
you can not go wrong with this item ! ! 
very prompt service . 
quality product with plenty of room for storage . 
fast shipping . 
easy to install . 
this front sight fit both my .22 pistols . 
i have ruger mark 2 , and a browning buck mark . 
makes lining up the front and rear sights much easier . 
like the options of changing red or green inserts . 
hyperbole by others can mislead the investigating buyer . 
currently it 's 
40   more expensive than the xlt . 
set.some of the tools are fairly useless , such as the pharmacist spatula . 
some stir their coffee with it 
, one guy uses it as a mirror   why ? 
the knife blade is a large high polished mirror , the spatula is matte . 
huh ! ? 
other tools would be better , certainly . 
most of you already have another victorinox knife , i 'd assume . 
size   3.5 inches long . 
1 inch thick if you include the closed sticking out of the tools . 
i find the victorinox counting of uses to be accurate , but quite generous . 
the little round keychain ring on the end of each victorinox knife --- 
that 's one of the fifty tools ! 
that 's in and of itself one of the fifty tools ! 
yes , it 's called the   case   for the bits . 
please!the chisel is facing the wrong way for the ergonomics of the knife handle   
you 'll see when you get it   for proper use on wood   
the thick knife handle would be against the wood . 
and you get a lot more tools ounce for ounce , 
car keys   2 - 3 ounces . 
nice overall weight distribution.so , this knife is far from massive . 
it 's compact and tough and well made . 
it 's less weight than most leatehrman type tools . 
i mention it here so that you can check it out , too . 
i love my skeletool , also.cheers and happy swiss knifing . 
the plastic handle looks stupid but has a good grip . 
the price is unbeatable . 
i got mine from an outside amazon vender for under   8 . 
i like this unit better than the caldwell version . 
stoney point is lighter , but plenty heavy . 
i do not use the tray for the weights sand bags , etc . 
it works jut fine without all that extra weight . 
i had my gun back on in three shots . 
i learned that federal ammo is more accurate than remington core - lokt . 
core - lokts have always been my favorite bullets . 
his gun was way off , 12   high at 100 yards . 
i told him that buying a rest will save money in the long run . 
i have sighted my savage 17hmr in this rest also . 
here is the deal you set your gun in the rest . 
this allows you to get the gun sitting properly with the target . 
then you have a right and left adjustment on the front . 
shoot again and you should be perfect . 
i always shoot a third time 
so i will know ! 
all in all this rest does exactly what its suppose to do ! 
i went with this product , and have not been disappointed . 
i love this thing . 
it does n't leak , and it is n't ridiculously overpriced like camelbak . 
which provider ? which mobile operating system ? 
it ships with an 8 gb microsd card . 
this phone has five separate radio transmit receive devices -the standard cellular   3 
providing this information is the cost of admission for functionality of the apps . 
i ' m not offering a value judgement on this ... 
ok ... an easy - fold soccer goal rrreeaaalllllyyyyyyyyyy . 
when seen this product i thought what everyone else was thinking . 
my boys are going to destroy this thing . 
first - off it really is and easy - fold training goal ! 
setup and break down was easy breeze . 
it really does opens and closes in seconds . 
when folded , the goal can fit just about anywhere . 
the 4 ' x 3 ' frame is ideal for the backyard . 
's on while the kids are playing . 
this is a no brainer . 
i ' m going to purchase another one . 
it 's not perfect but close enough . 
this one fit best and he liked the styling . 
i could live with that if it were the only problem . 
after a couple of shots , the camera was just about to fall off . 
a third shot would have sent my   400 camera flying . 
this at all costs for weapons with heavy recoil . 
it is not multi - functional , but cold steel tough . 
oh well ... 
i purchased these swivels for my h r sportster 22lr . 
i am very pleased with this product and would recommend it to my friends . 
oh my i did n't notice the extra weight ! 
i mean - it performs its task ... 
do n't clean guns without this ! 
especially your revolvers around the barrel ! 
this stuff is like magic ! 
lead deposits are gone with this 
this is ideal for most outdoor pursuits . 
i go out metal detecting and doing photography . 
i can pack everything that i need for both ventures . 
it has so many pockets of various sizes . 
it is easy to take off and out on your back . 
this tapco buttpad is the perfect fit for the tapco intrafuse stock system . 
it also snugs the buttstock securely in your shoulder and will not slip . 
highly recommended ! 
save your fingers the hassle , buy the glock tool . 
used this on a charter arms .38 pistol . 
nice and snug . 
fit great . 
i really wish i could find a south paw holster for it . 
no issues and have ran about 1000 
.223 cartridges through it . 
thanks for a affordable item ! 
i will be back ! 
all the tools are plastic even the brush 
so it will not scratch . 
just like the picture shows . 
nice gift for any gun owner . 
i ' m 6'2   34   and about 280lbs . 
these freaking earmuffs are incredible . 
they fit basically everyone who i let try them on . 
best purchase gun related i made this year 
i use this as my range bag . 
the paracord is a great plus , adds a military look to it . 
i keep it next to my bed   
you never know . 
i mainly use it to open boxes from amazon . 
i ' m chinese myself but looks so unappealing . 
it 's a victorinox sak . 
nobody does the multipurpose knife better . 
no matter what your needs they make a knife for you . 
i highly recommend them ! 
i bought this for my some he likes it very much . 
the catch is nice and secure . 
the knotting is very well done . 
good product i guess i did n't read the part where is is plastic . 
other than it not being metal 
i ' m satisfied and would recommend it to anyone . 
new chains are well lubricated , so install and ride it.2 . 
so you can back pedal the drivetrain freely . 
wipe the chain off using a rag as you pedal backwards . 
this tool set is all i need on the road and more . 
the real beauty is the compactness for all these tools . 
i have theavenir bigmouth velcro seat bag   
ultralight weight . 
a super knife with smooth opening and sharp as a razor ! 
kershaw make a great knife . 
highly suggest anyone to buy this knife . 
i have been using dr . 
bronner 's soap daily for years as my shampoo    soap . 
i keep it in the shower . 
we have used many different scents    
i never travel without the 2 oz 
travel - sized bottle.we have not found this to be a good dish soap 
but we know some people who swear by it . 
, etc.this 1 bottle lasts me almost a year 
so i become a little tired of the smell . 
it is intense . 
i made the mistake once of buying a gallon to refill my bottle    
take the time to read the bottle   or watch the documentary . 
this guy is a hoot ! 
i would not recomend this device for people who have bad backs . 
i tried this machine for a month and it really hurt my back . 
i had to return the item and did not even get a refund . 
do not order this ! ! ! ! ! 
stuff.she gave it to him my bet 
is it still works fine . 
i know the new one does ok.dray 
this should be no different . 
pretty sharp out of the box , speed safe feature is a plus . 
blade looks and feels well made . 
i ' m a fan of tanto point style blades 
, they are generally a little thicker and have excellent piercing capability . 
overall feels good in the hand with decent balance . 
could definitely do worse for the money . 
here is an inexpensive way to provide prone stability for older , shaky hands . 
the bipod is stable , well constructed and engineered . 
the price is very good alongside some of it 's more expensive competitors . 
i recommed it highly as a useful accessory . 
i got this mask a few days ago , and it is incredible . 
it is worth to buy it , and it is very cheap . 
come on ! 
i guess because of less wind resistance and more cryptonite . 
the caldwell magnum rifle gong is an excellent field target . 
the target disk is impervious to shot damage from .308 or .22 - 250 . 
the frame sets up in about two minutes without tools . 
the whole package is only 25 lbs . 
its nice and small . 
its awesome for any sort of work rest interval training . 
it has a tendency to fall off . 
also , its really hard to feel the vibrate function . 
details though . 
its altogether an awesome buy . would recommend it . 
no big deal . 
avenir is part of the raleigh diamondback family of bicycles . 
this is a   must have   for bicycles with disc brakes . 
works well with other bicycles having a rear quick release skewer too . 
that - that - that - that 's all folks . 
if i can install this then anyone can . 
had it installed within a couple minutes . 
my daughter uses it on her bike with her 10 lb backpack . 
does a great job . 
they hold up well an are washable an inexpensive . 
works great , great shipper . could be a life saver . 
gave two to my daughters real a nice tool sharping tool set 
though you probably should . 
all steel . 
easy to assemble . 
durable looking finish . 
it wo nt last . 
lastly , it is n't over priced like some . 
good stand for the     . 
strips metal of all grease , oils and any other chemicals . 
have used for a few months and it 's great ! 
tires down a few pounds ? 
two pumps and they are ready to go . 
good solid lock , and easy on off . 
use with schrader valves , and today with a presta for the first time . 
no change needed , just put on and it 's ready to go 
i have a park ct-5 chain breaker too . 
ice breaks chains easier as the throw screw down is longer . 
now to locate a replacement pin ! 
just installed this yesterday . 
i have n't researched this . 
it should look good on your bike too ! 
this little light is great ! 
very well organized weapon cleaning system . 
i changed up the bore    
i 'd recommend 
i purchased this knife at the recommendation of an army buddy . 
guess i did n't have to worry about that ! 
this is a very well built knife , for the money . 
keep the blade oiled 
and i do n't see having any rust issues 
though.this knife is n't a collectible , it 's utilitarian ... a tool . 
it 's not fancy . 
for the cost , i end up buying several more . 
it 's cheap . 
do n't like it ? 
throw it away . 
you 're hardly out any real money . 
i think you 'll like it though . 
he has the red one and his twin brother has the blue one . 
in my opinion , these pellets are not competition - quality pellets . 
a totally classy knife , the fit and finish are superb . 
i came upon opinel later in life and have acquired a few 
, i am impressed by the simple efficient design and the craftsmanship and materials . 
no doubts , very nice ! ! ! 
if you weigh 105 pounds , this should n't be a problem . 
what more can i say ? 
i like them 
i 'll update if anything seems to go wrong with these 
but they look and feel to be made of quality materials . 
i purchased 8 of these . 
the price is unbeatable . 
for less than   28.00 you can not go wrong . 
i have used these knives since the 80 ' s. 
34   in this case 
, that is the case.what i love about this shirt 
is that i bought an xl , but it was n't super long . 
when i buy xl shirts often they are too long . 
it looked great , fit great and was affordable . 
this is one of those products . 
sitting down is fine also . 
i can sit with out having to worry about bulge or exposing my firearm . 
it will prevent fungi , mold and bacteria . done ! 
just received it and i think it will be fine for my needs . 
you need to take out the top screw 
this is by far the best bounceback i have every used or seen used . 
lots of bounce and gives flexibility on high and low bounce backs . 
these are well made with stunning finish for a china made product . 
though i am not a spyderco fan boy 
1017 is my record , so , good to go there . 
the optics are decent . 
maybe not awesome , but good enough for me for sure . 
the reticle is good , too , pretty darn good when unlit . 
when lit .... 
there lies the one design flaw of this thing . 
when illuminated , there is glare on the rest of the glass . 
is this a problem for me ? 
in a word , no . 
because lets say i ' m out 
and i see a critter i want to shoot . 
rangefinder ranges , 
i ' m good to go . 
then yeah , you might pass over a tasty critter because of the glare . 
sure , but not that bad . if it was n't for that issue 
, 5 stars for sure . 
this is an updated version of a knife issued to navy personal during wwii . 
the sheath is a   . 
it has a half guard which is all you need . 
the butt is robust . 
the clip point has a false edge . 
the blade is a full grind . 
the spin is as thick as i would wish . 
the blade came sharp and i noticed no flaws . 
i could n't ask for better.my conclusion is the knife is a   . 
if you pound on it with a three pound hand sledge 
bought this after looking over a couple different chain wear indicators . 
this was half the price of the others , and every bit as accurate . 
5 now or   100   a year from now .. 
the decision should be pretty obvious ! 
buy this tool ! 
these gloves are perfect to hunt in . 
they are camouflage on top of hand and sides . 
i like them 
and i recommend them to others . 
great price for the quality from amazon.com . 
the princeton tec fuel headlamp is 
it can be a little challenging to activate if you are wearing thick 
gloves.the on off switch works as follows -one 
it provides a relatively wide range of motion that should meet your needs . 
it is also removable for those times you want to clean the strap . 
it takes 3 aaa batteries and i have had no problems with battery life . 
i have used this light on numerous trips and i have not been disappointed . 
the handle has a nice feel but is a little light . 
could not be more happy with this purchase . 
punisher and rick grimes . 
nice soft recoil pad . 
i installed this on my remington 11 - 87 synthetic stock with zero difficulties . 
looks great , feels great , should perform great . 
easily hung with a single screw   provided . 
it does n't get easier than this . 
adequate vinyl padding . 
nothing special , it 's simple and it works . 
what more does it need to do ? 
great tool for a great price ! 
solid construction . 
the coating on the sight turned a light brownish tint 
is it purdy ? 
no it is n't . 
but a reliable tool in your hand is reassuring . 
you can not really go wrong at this price . 
it is competing well in a competitive market . 
fine addition or starter to any knife collection . 
check your city    state ordinance for edc usage . 
just what i have come to expect from kershaw ! ! 
i do n't see any purpose for them . 
there are other inserts without collars that are also wider available . 
i have in the past purchased one of these in 7.62x39 
however the 223 remington unit broke before i started . 
faulty design , do not buy . 
this product does exactly what it should . 
they are standard black color , and look nice next to my other spacers . 
i ride a 2006 cannondale r600 . 
air.before you buy you should probably plan how you intend to air it up . 
a refill of a tank is about five bucks . 
it cost me   225 used . 
a seal kit will cost you about   40 . 
for the price and the amount , ya i would get these . 
crossman is very reliable and they came well packaged . 
it cleans your chain really well . 
price is a bit high for the few cleans you get . 
but it is all relative right ? 
this product vs. the price of a carbon mtn bike .... 
you get the point . 
it has remained intact . 
all in all i do like it , it fit my budget . 
this multi is very compact and light . 
much easier to use than the little short tool of the past . 
fast shipment and a great value , easy to handle and great versatility . 
it provides an average amount of light and clarity . 
it is simple and quick to adjust , even without looking . 
do not shy away from this scope because of the tripod- just toss it . 
i have been using weight lifting work out gloves which worked ok . 
these are great in relieveing the pressure points . 
.. i have read very good things . 
its cheap , simple easy to use . 
i use this for my iphone , keys and a small tube of sunscreen . 
i purchased three of these , one for my keychain and two for gifts . 
they took quite some time to come but arrived in near perfect condition . 
this is easily replaced . 
the blades are extremely sharp and smooth . 
i use mine almost every day and have been completely satisfied with the purchase . 
it 's nice and bright . 
i use sanyo eneloop rechargeable batteries .   
i also got the radbot 1000 tail light . 
update december 22 , 2011 the danger zone tail light has failed . 
i was right about the way to change the batteries . 
you have to   pry   it open   light lens from plastic . 
good all around wrench . 
that makes it useful for only one thing - entertaining the cat . 
can not recommend   2 stars because it does function . 
i works well as a stand alone sleeping bag 
i returned it ! 
in my opinion , this toilet is cheap . 
cheap as in poorly made , and too expensive for what you 're getting . 
the only thing going for it , is it is lightweight and portable . 
there are too many moving parts to this unit . 
this design is not going to hold up over time . 
it is n't sturdy enough . 
i would rather try the luggable loo . 
it 's just a 5 gallon bucket and a toilet seat . 
it seemed getting an iron cover was impossible . 
i bought this holster 5 years ago for my duty belt . 
the draw is very fast and easy to get use to with practice . 
solid yet lightweight . 
i also love the no nonsense dozier design . 
this is an attractive knife that feels great in my hand . 
but it is n't very big . 
the picture makes it look a lot longer than it is . 
stretched pic , be carefull . 
although it is cheap so i do n't care . 
i used this adhesive on my front and rear sight on my ar-15 . 
this stuff does not do a very good job in holding everything down . 
love the lid , and no goo , green or otherwise.while 
i did it again 
i like that the fitbit flex is comfortable to wear , like a bracelet . 
also , i do n't use the food function or the water consumed function . 
i appreciate the silent alarm that wakes me with vibration . 
it 's less jarring than an audible alarm and does n't usually wake my bed 
it is what it is.will i get another one if this one dies ? 
probably not . 
kind of just a fun little toy while it lasts . 
works fine . 
hate the valve adjustment knob though . 
it was non - marring and worked perfectly for my one - time changeover . 
great value ! ! ! 
nice socks for the price . 
just use the blade , forget the cutter . 
of course it 's also possible 
i got a lemon.for 
for the money , a good buy . 
it will last for generations .. 
very nice shirts and they feel like great quality . 
this knife is extremely fast to deploy . 
it hides well next to my taser . 
very nice knife and very sharp . 
this is mmy first experience with spuderco or a g10 handle . 
bought this to go with my swiss volcano stove . 
feels and works great . 
a little loose from side to side but very secure retention . 
really happy with this product . 
bought this to clean various pistols after some range visits . 
inexpensive , all brass , and do the job . 
what more can you ask for ? 
they loved them too and these things really do keep you toasty ! 
purchased this so my grandson could shoot with me . 
great little pistol . 
very accurate , fun to shoot . 
perfect weight for young enthusiast . 
i also keep a tourniquet in one of the smaller pouches . 
use those nearly useless wire ones in rocky soil 
-- they 'll bend if they hit a rock 
but they often manage to find that small hole between rocks . 
use the big aluminum ones for sandy applications . 
it 's the size of a large kitchen knife but made for serious use . 
it 's a little too big for everyday small tasks 
but it is built for other purposes . 
use as needed . 
i can not imagine putting on my other hat i used to run with . 
this hat forms with your head . 
it weighs as much as 10 pieces of paper . 
it looks like it will keep the sweat at bay . 
i pulled my hair back under it and it 's very comfortable . 
it will be an excellent hat to run in . 
i heard these were supposed to help with wrist pain . 
they really give you a good workout . 
the old style stays very secure on the carpet with their weight . 
these are light and has less stability , slipping once in a while . 
i like these scope covers . 
they do cover an acog with an rmr , but the fit is tight . 
collapsible nalgene goodness . 
it just keeps your mouth guard in it . 
nothing more to say . 
nothing bad . 
nothing amazing . 
it 's good for keeping your mouth guard in a case . 
the only complaint i have is the sheath , well ... 
the clip that hold 's it . 
it will work in most situations and as a home defense item 
it is 99   
likely good enough . 
field use is a no - no . 
it is in no way up to any serious rigor . 
the switch is not water proof at all and allows sand or anything in . 
the lens and light are fine . 
the tube is fine , the clasp is fine ... 
i may try and make some mods on the mini - mill for this . 
5 stars for the honest seller but 3 for the item 
very easy to use and will be put to good use occasionally . 
got this for xmas for son . 
he went crazy over it . 
solid and fairly accurate . 
he said it was just in the way . 
do n't use .15 bbs they jamb up . 
use .20 and or .25 ... 
it 's well build and fun to use . 
i put a real scope on it for him . 
he 's very pleased with it . 
i recommend it . 
safety glasses are big in our family . 
' ve had them all . 
and we all do volunteer work for a local building non - profit . 
and we 'd like to keep our eyes . 
so that brings us to the big question   
how do the 3 m smart lens protective eyewear stack up ? 
read on!look and feel   pretty good , actually . 
i ' m talking to you , ray - ban ! . 
be advised . 
good grief . 
i currently have this on my pellet gun . 
it works great . 
great value , works great ! 
this product worked just as described and made disassembly of my cassette a breeze . 
it fit perfectly with the sram lockring . 
it did work as promoted and allowed installation of the lockring . 
this backpack surprised me when i got it . 
for what i paid i was expecting something that was very cheaply made . 
i expected corners to be cut everywhere and all i needed was a backpack really 
so i did n't care . 
however this was not what i got . 
i got top of the line quality , everything is double stitched and durable . 
there is more room than you would think inside this pack . 
there was still room for more.in 
i am not a boxer nor have i ever thought about boxing . 
but something about this appealed to me.it was very easy to set up . 
it was out of the box and in use within 5 minutes . 
it 's great aggression relief too ! 
it has a excellent battery life and lots of light . 
the low setting is just enough light to see and not wake her up . 
i do n't know how you could improve this anymore . 
it 's a simple design and it works just fine . 
used it camping this weekend . 
like the size of this thing . 
holds a frying pan and you can adjust the heat . 
can not see what more you would need . 
just look for fuel at rei or somewhere other than amazon . 
everything on amazon is from   9 -   35 . 
got fuel at rei for   4.50 . 
i am a fan of planet bike . 
included in box   was one tire . 
27 1 4 , black with tan sidewalls .   
each box could have easily held a couple dozen tires each . 
they look perfect on my 40 year old schwinn 10-speed . 
plenty of debris , including sharp metal , screws , broken glass , gravel 
, you name it . 
i am thoroughly pleased , so far . 
vitally important , but not a whole lot to say about the good ones . 
i will definitely update this when i get more info to share . 
fizik microtex was too slippery and also too thin . 
i 'll stick with it . 
i bought these to make my first triathlon a little easier in transition . 
figured i would be too tired from swimming and biking to tie my shoes . 
well , it worked fine and i have been using them ever since . 
i am enjoying them and thinking of putting on all my running shoes . 
that is a definite thumbs up . 
this is a very handy hatchet . 
very nice balance and ergonomics . 
seems to be very good steel . 
best of all made in the usa . 
this one holds all my arrows without fail , even through heavy brush . 
okay , they are described as odorless , but , do smell . 
big deal . 
the smell goes away after a couple of days . 
these are nice dumbbells , with accurate weight and comfortable grips . 
only downside is whenever i leave it somewhere by accident folk nab it . 
i use these for rolling up the excess strap on my medium alice pack . 
very frustrating ! 
i bought this to replace the original leather sheath . 
this one is made well and from what i can see functions fine . 
this item is well made and is very easy to use . 
bad decision by barska .    
hey mr . 
i ' m the guy making the beeps ..... 
you !   
we oredered this extended magazine release for our ruger 10 22 rifle . 
we will install for shooting this weekend and see how well it works . 
definitely was the least expensive plastic one on the net . 
it appears to be identical to all of the other plastice ones available . 
i bought this in the orange for my various smaller hunting gear . 
these targets are great for sighting in a rifle . 
they are big and easily visible through a spotting scope at 100 yards . 
so just go buy them there . 
easy to install . 
perfect fit and function . 
love the tank style . 
it 's easier to wear unseen under clothing . 
cooler for summer too . 
this is a good light for additional safety . 
it is bright and has the strobe feature . 
i 'd recommend it . 
the mount seems really solid as well . 
this light is great . 
two different size shims are included for the mounting brackets . 
all in all , a great package . 
great fit great construction , awesome all around part , 
works great ! 
keeps my coffee hot all morning . 
still kind of warm even in the afternoon . 
no leak issues with optional cafe style lid either . 
that way you can always have the pump with you in case of emergencies ! 
i really like that aspect of it . 
well made and adjustable . 
great for days under 30 degrees 
f. running with earbuds is no problem at all . 
happy , happy , happy ! 
i bought this for the fire starter component and got a knife too . 
what do you expect for such a cheap price . 
and i could nt break it no matter 
even the hubby tried to no avail     
so i took it to a bike shop thinking i needed a special tool . 
all i needed was a heavier duty breaker . 
this tool did the job with ease ! 
love this tool and was a good choice for my business . 
they fit my 6 yrs old head and my big old head too . 
great product , insanely low price and work great . 
if you where looking for ear protection for the range look no further . 
can not go wrong for this price . 
ordered useing amazon prime got to me on time . 
it throws nice also 
purchased this product as a gift for my son . 
well made product that gets the job done with consistent use . 
i dropped 2 stars for the misleading picture . 
other asics products have a better fitting . 
i ' ve even put chains 
i have done so , more than once , but it 's not easy . 
the way i did it was 
well i am going with a new bar . 
i have no complaints . 
its 15 - 16 dollars how can you really go wrong ? 
also blade shop the place it ships from had it here in three days . 
this scope has great magnification . 
it s construction is all most entirely metal and very sturdy . 
i ' ve had zero issues with this little mount . 
used it for a bipod and it 's never budged . fairly decent value . 
mounted the bottle right under top frame bar . 
weither on the creek bank or everyday wear this shirt exceeds expectations again ! 
having them wired together would have been more convenient . 
especially since replacing those batteries will not be easy . 
, it would not fit . 
i like the compact size and the portability of this item . 
1 less item on the emergency item checklist . 
these base plates look sharp on my glock 17    19 mags . 
they also help with handling reloads because of their size . 
the color helps you locate your mags after shooting a stage . 
these balls are nice and consistent . 
3 options . 
oil and blade and very sharp . 
i like it and many yrs of use will it see . 
it also does an adequate job with serrated edges . 
these pack a punch . 
good quality bb that when fired shoots straight . does nt curve off like 
trust me i ve bought both 
i was very excited for this . 
no problems with this light . 
not to much to this as it is as typical as one would expect . 
comes with plenty of screws for various mounting options . 
this thing is decently warm - having only tried it out on the couch . 
and i really like the material 
, it 's almost silky . 
the only thing i can say is that i already dislike the zipper . 
or if you got ta turn your light on to see what the heck 
it 's caught 
as always , anything from primos is nothing but the best . 
the laser , though , is the bomb . 
why even use the scope ? 
true story   
dead center without even zeroing the thing in . 
where that laser pointed is where the bullet went . 
well built with good materials and finish . 
good instructions.perform as advertised . 
easy to install with the right grill bits . 
this worked perfectly with my m10 . 
i would recommend it . 
had no problems 
what so ever . 
a must if you own an ak . 
very fast shipping got my stove 3 days after purchase . 
this is a great stove . 
still the same great quality as my original . 
heated water faster and heated my meal very quickly . 
like the upgraded bag . 
very good for multiple person hikes since you will not need multiple stoves . 
this is a great product from a great company . 
not too bad for the price . 
rolls up pretty small and fits in the go - bag nicely . 
sure , for the price . 
it does work however . 
this laser sight works just fine 
and i used it to zero in my ar . 
not very bright , so you 're limited on where you can use it . 
not great for the outdoors unless it 's at night . 
works well and fastens moly gear securely . 
secures your gear the way you want it to ... securely ! 
you do n't want your gear swaying all over your pack or vest . 
i would buy them again and tell friends to do the same . 
the company failed to provide bolts and hex nuts . 
it 's not bright . 
poor design in holding the light . 
i got this as a gift from my wishlist . 
so far it seems great 
, i 'll break it down a little size   
i ' m 5'11   tall and a mostly slender 165 pounds . 
i fit in the bag with ample room to spare . 
i went to the garage later one 
and it was 42 degrees out there . 
i sat for an hour in the bag and felt comfortable the whole time . 
not terrible heavy , especially for the price and insulation rating . 
we 'll see.i will update this review if i encounter any problems . 
i have this intalled on my mossberg 500 cruiser . 
the strobe is amazing and super bright . 
i ended up using the leapers quick release high profile mounts . 
just search   utgleapers   to find the channel.overall 
i am very impressed with this scope . 
views through it are bright , crisp and crystal clear . 
i received this blade as a gift . 
the sheath is decent , and the price is right . 
it comes with a decent sharpener , and a flint . 
this may be the blade for you . 
it is a good cutting chopping tool . 
i like it a lot , and will make good use of it . 
this mount is about as solid as they come . 
nice matte finish and a good price too . 
most excellent ! 
pros   great price to quality ratio . 
fits 1   34   scope just fine . 
scope screw threaded properly so no worry of stripping upon tension . 
retention lever screw nut is made of steel 
so no worry of stripping . 
no heavier than more expensive steel scope mount rings . 
seller listed saddle heights accurately.cons   a little heavier than standard aluminum scope mounts . 
this thing is packed with pockets ! 
we love the look of it too . 
definitely recommend this product . 
no big deal . 
it 's a bowl and cup you can squish . 
handles hot water without transferring too much heat to your hands . 
they are designed to work with    34 normal   34   shoes-   
no one would be safe if i drove post - stroke- 
so i have to ride to    34 normal places   
34     do n't want to    34 
click arpund   34 ! 
are you kidding ? 
this is a solid , basic case . 
it 's   23 , how does it get less than 5 stars ? 
thick padding , solid construction , good solid zipper , 
custom logo ruger 10 - 22 case . 
no pockets . 
no wheels . 
no windows , or little pockets to put shipping tags in . 
no hard case sections . 
no cupholder . 
just like the real thing without the primer . 
i just do n't trust plastic in the slide of my gun . 
i did the same thing for my gen 4 glock 17 . 
it 's also really good looking with the silver on black . 
i give this one a three , purely on lack of comfort . 
see the n82tactical holster design . 
the padded piece between you and the gun makes all the difference . 
holster under a jacket , but uncomfortable against skin . 
l love it have not had time to install it at this time 
the oh - oh burning electrical smell was our first clue . 
light still works fine with its own battery pack 
he would recommend them to others . 
easy to load 
i also like the sight strip so you can see 
how many bb 's are ready to be loaded . 
i highly recommend this bb and pellet rifle 
the technology is simple and makes sense . 
the laser is , astoundingly , not centered in the cartridge ! 
it points out at an odd angle . 
lousy design . 
the two pieces separate by just squeezing them . 
forget not being able to get them apart . 
i can not keep them from falling off . 
i am satisfied with this product . 
i own 2 hks speed loaders for 6 shot revoverls . 
and i recommed to anyone who wants affordable quality and realistic reliability . 
i am in private law enforcement and need rapid reloads when undercover . 
this product is a proven choice , why look further ? 
almost every issue of ammo for the mi came in one of these . 
this is an excellent reproduction if memory serves correctly . 
i am pleased with the purchase . 
these are not heavy duty shorts . 
the shorts could be longer for a guy like me   tall . 
this is my second pair . 
would buy again because they are inexpensive . 
there is no way to make the foam it comes with usable . 
even tried leaving the foam out on my porch for a few days . 
without the mothball stench it would be 5 stars . 
because the item requires modification prior to use , it only gets 3 . 
this is one of the nicest fire rod i own 
it 's really nice shoots out some blazing hot sparks the striker is great too 
that being said no worries when it comes to starting a fire ... 
easy to install and sturdy . 
installed in less than five minutes . 
works well in the front pocket 
but i do n't use this method for a permanent , every day carry . 
this thing really is awesome . 
flys great . 
received item today 10 4 . 
installed in my glock g23 with no problems . 
a must - have anywhere in north america 
and they weigh practically nothing . 
pedestrians immediately notice and also sometimes comment ,    34 cool lights !   
this is my second pair of boots i have purchased . 
the first set last for about 4 years . 
this is n't for beginners . 
i would would recommend this to a friend , for sure . 
it 's just the perfect size without adding any unnecessary weight ! 
aired up nice and is solid and cozy and anyone can ask for . 
i love the feel of leather . 
i will return the left hand one . 
thank you amazon prime.overall   great holster . 
you will not be disapointed . 
the metal snap broke on the holster strap 
i was able to repair it with a little epoxy . 
it will work for air - soft but will wear - out fast . 
i already lost one , got this as a replacement . 
it works really good , easy to grab and drink without opening it . 
just grab and byte . 
fits good in the bycicle . 
it makes a good gift too . 
the gifter , however got him this toy . 
this ball is a menace ! 
if you want   real   basketball , go outside . 
i   misplaced   that sumbeech and ordered some nerf balls . 
and ... moved some lamps ! 
excellent product well made of quality material . 
aside from that i am very well satisfied . 
in addition delivery was prompt and efficient . 
i will have doubled my perimeter and i will look to increase it again ! 
the only downside is the replacements . 
way to much money . 
buy a couple of sets of refills and research how to refill them . 
i am not a marine and respect their service greatly 
so i would feel wrong wearing their symbol on their most famous knife unearned . 
anyway this sheath was a recommended accessory and the price was right 
so i snapped it up . 
thrilled i tore it open and tested it for fit on my new knife . 
nobody mentioned it clicks in place ! 
four beefy rivets hold the thick nylon belt strap . 
long story short i am absolutely thrilled . 
it feels like it should last a good long while . 
i would recommend it to anyone and everyone , too bad 
we ended up getting a m and that fit well 
but it was a little smaller than his other meds . 
it 's just fitted so think zara size fit . 
at first , it was just a little bit smaller than i wanted . 
i could have lived with that . 
liner lock would not engage . 
i thought it might just be stiff , so opened it many times . 
maybe i just got a bad one . 
i bought myself one as well . 
i would just like to see some better steel in the blade .. 
bought this to carry .22 rounds . 
the one pair of shorts i received was great ! 
the 2 callaway balls are diablos , which is decent . 
just like other reveiwers i like this way better than the stick . 
i was given the stick at a course 
i went through and that was were 
i was introduced to rolling . 
easaly twice as good and the same price . 
but if they are , then ... this one is great 
of course i had to buy the factory ford cross bars first . 
i received this today and installed it . 
i was able to lift i by myself . 
i then centered it and snugged everything down . 
i 'll try to remember to come back and post an update . 
this game is great . 
the best modes are my player , ranked online and fantasy leagues . 
you will have hours of fun . 
a must get game . 
a step above 2k12 . 
these are a comfortable , removable layer . 
i recommend them . 
regarding the fit 
, i ' 
m 5'9   
34 , 170 lb . , 14   34   biceps , 
so i bought xl , and they fit well without feeling too tight . 
my actual holster that i typically use for ccw was almost   90 . 
i use this withmaxpedition kodiak gearslingerin khaki 
and it works great for its intended purpose . 
concealing my pistol when i am not carrying it on my actual body . 
the product is a simple design and is ambidextrous . 
it however does not hold it that securely 
mounted this to my remington 597 .22at 
i needed to roll back magnification to see the cross hairs sharp again . 
eye relief is about 3 - 4 inches . 
works fine now . 
i would still recommend them . 
this is an awesome knife , vary sharp and nice looking . 
easy to open one handed . 
i watched a couple youtube videos 
so i think i m putting them in properly 
they just seem too tight and rigid and have some sharp corners . 
let me apologize that i posted this review in the wrong place . 
first , the sog is too thick for a pocket knife ... 
then again , at least you are n't worried about losing it . 
maybe this will loosen up with use . 
there is also a little side to side blade play ... 
i do n't think that this will affect the intended use 
but i was surprised that sog had this play ... 
my spiderco does not . 
it is just plain cool . 
i know it feels a little like cheap plastic 
i also wanted a sog fixed blade seal pup 
so maybe i will exchange this knife for that . 
as a result , they have a more limited range . 
i was n't pleased with this . 
therefore i have the weights on a yoga mat to prevent this issue . 
this is a half liter stainless steel water bottle with a wide mouth . 
since it is steel you can use this bottle to boil water   
really an outstanding product . 
does fit the belt loops of jeans and better cargo jeans . 
velcro covers a large area and is a nice touch . 
belt is neat and trim when in place.12.7.12 bought a second . 
nice belts . 
excellent bibs for the price . 
in the description they are said to keep your muscles warm . 
i believe that this is a slight mistake . 
i got this at a time i could not afford the maxpedition version . 
i have been surprised by the quality for the price i paid . 
this is one time that i did not regret not going with the maxpedition . 
great piece of gear . 
i am a huge spyderco fan and have over a dozen spyderco knives . 
comfortable gloves , but not as warm as i had hoped for . 
in short , these do not block wind well . 
been using the bush master a lot on my hikes ..... 
i improved it by wrapping the guard with cord ...... 
5 stars says it all ... 
i just received this seat from amazon and rode 12 miles . 
this seat is so comfortable ! 
i highly recommend it for guys who want to ride without any pain . 
it 's a solid cup . 
very pleased . 
were the pin further back it would have solid engagementon even the shortest rails . 
does n't work well on walther p22 
these stocks are great . 
the stocks are simple to install with only a few tools needed . 
the sga stock installed easily with an allen wrench that is provided . 
the stock fits tight with no wobble after install . 
pretty weak seal . 
you can hardly see it . 
i ' m not real confident it will hold any moisture out . 
i will say it holds more than i thought . 
over 1000 38 special 's in their factory boxes . 
i guess i 'll keep them . 
besides they were inexpensive . 
loud , loud , loudi have no other words to describe it . 
not disposable , only with a regular pump   shrader valve   
you recharge it every time you need it 
the white background makes it easy to read . 
it has a date and day of the week function , which i wanted . 
many simple analog watches do n't have the day of the week function . 
the band is good quality and not uncomfortable . 
replacing yourself sure beats paying a watch shop to do it for you ! 
i bought it for a co2 pistol and it works great for that . 
i would n't expect anymore from it . 
during the day you can see the laser about 10 useful yards . 
the added picatinny rail is removeable which is nice . 
for the price it makes plinking cans fun . 
this product installed relatively easy with the help of a youtube video . 
definitely recommend ! ! 
he is working there this summer 
and i wanted to get a simple cookset for his free time . 
not having to carry fuel simplified a lot of what we were doing . 
finding a few handfuls of twigs and branches was easy . 
for just the two of us 
we no problem first heating water for a hot drink in the morning 
and then some instant oatmeal . 
occasionally we went and heated a can of chili or soup . 
usually each meal was ready in under ten minutes . 
takes a lot of guess work out of the mix . 
i also like the folding mug style handles . 
they make it much easier to pour the hot water out . 
plus the pour spout was dripless for me . 
not true with other pots . 
i ' m sure my son will get great use of it this summer . 
i look forward to his return 
so i can have it back for the upcoming fall schedule of scout trips . 
got this rod holder for my kayak . 
this setup is great for trolling . 
however , i personally found the construction to be very lacking . 
i only weigh 170lbs and the whole frame bends moves with my weight . 
i am very disappointed . 
back story   
these bands are very easy to use . 
nice and bright even in daylight . 
velcro makes taking off or putting on a snap . 
can easily be put in pockets for later use . 
cleaned off the end of the pedal where it comes through the crank . 
magnet attaches solidly to my mtb bike . 
adjusted the clearance for my garmin edge sensor and it works perfectly . 
do n't waste your money on any bear grylls crap . 
there is better stuff available for cheaper . 
they do not interfere with operation of the safety and mine required no trimming at 
this is easily rectified . 
support the grip panel against your leg if need be . 
roll just a little bit at a time . 
test fit and repeat as necessary until the gap is gone . 
take your time and you will be fine . 
they also look good on the pistol whether it is blued steel or stainless . 
i absolutely love this paracord . 
it 's very durable and can be used in so many different ways . 
a handy item to have 
thanks for the great product ! 
these things are sweet little sights , perfect for .22s . 
i am sure i will move on to bigger and better things someday . 
good product and sizes for ammo reloading . 
i ' ve been using these water bottles for about 6 months now . 
i live in arizona , so having water with you is an important thing . 
these bottles are well designed and built to last . 
yes , they will dent . 
this pack is huge ! 
big enough to carry what you need and then some . 
the only thing i dislike is the stiffness of the fabric . 
then again i figure it 's made to last 
so that will be a good thing in the long run . 
overall it 's quite impressive . 
still , it was n't difficult to install . 
20 words for a cup ? 
did i mention it 's pretty blue ? 
good cup . 
this by far the best compromise of all of them so far . 
love it . 
i wish it was bigger however . 
excellent holster ! 
works well with shorts , jogging pants , jeans or dress pants . 
with or without a belt . 
the holster holds the gun in place with no movement and easy access . 
i will be buying another fobus holster for my ruger lc9 ! ! ! 
can not beat the price and they work . 
best health insurance policy available . 
be a hero and have one with you . 
i mounted this on my remington 783 . 
i use this backpack for daily use , travel , and hiking . 
i am very seldom without my backpack . 
the waist straps work great at distributing the weight on my hips . 
same thing when i ' m hiking around the smokies . 
it has just the right number of pockets and straps . 
cheap as you would expect . 
would i buy again ? 
is n't this co - dependency?great shirt though . 
i highly recommend . 
weight is on the lite side , feels strange in the hand . 
releases oddly . 
carried this knife through two deer seasons and still going strong . 
kabar makes good stuff and this knife really shines . 
purchased two lanterns from a vendor , and another two from a shop . 
of the four total lanterns , two had bad switches . . . 
i would generally not recommend this model of lantern . . . 
it works great as should and could not be happy with it . 
if any one want 1 you should get it . 
fits my big head ... 
the spine on the stainless is polished rather than rough . 
stainless steel can not create sparks when scraped on a firesteel . 
since carbon steel can , that version of the mora was wisely kept rough . 
the stainless costs about 10   more . 
and not worrying about rust is a real plus as you can well imagine . 
other than these things , they 're identical to the eye . 
either version is very strong , durable , light and sharp- 
i ' m not kidding , treat this as you would a scalpel . 
buy one version or the other based on their intended purposes . 
all i got ta say is ... wow ! 
this knife is awesome . 
it was the old - school one with the leather . 
btw , bow saws suck ! 
got ta love that 1095 carbon steel . 
i ' m looking forward to the many years of use 
m sure i will get out of this knife . 
it has stayed really sharp and it 's super lightweight . 
people that handle it want one and ask where i got it . 
i ordered this light to mount someware on the rear of the bike . 
it is very brite and works well . 
nice to have 
these work great for keeping sweat out of the eyes . 
work great for just about everything other than hair modeling . 
it is what it is . 
cheap and simple . 
lee reloading products are the best bang for the buck . 
the crkt pen is very well made and has a nice coating as well as 
it come with the fisher space ink cartridge . 
the material is soft and breathable and washes easily . 
a good buy ! 
it 's compact and very well built . 
overall , it 's a great tool . 
i am very impressed with this product . 
a nice heavy duty bipod . 
quality and construction is better than i expected . 
fits great and looks awesome ! 
its going to last a long time . 
trying to saw a branch , it must have gotten too hot . 
it fell apart . 
you can definitely find better ones out there . 
it 's a basic long sleeve t - shirt . 
it does pretty much what you would expect . 
it does not make toast or walk the dog . 
as described and as expected . 
it is a sturdy water jug that weighs around 40lbs when completely filled . 
i mounted a ncstar scope on this mount . 
it is very easy to see the iron sights under the scope ! 
does what it 's suppose to . 
it 's a bottom bracket made by shimano . 
it 's a pretty easy tool to come by . 
seriously , use this light . 
use two of them . 
i own four . 
i move them around my various bikes.i use rechargeable aaa batteries with this thing . 
it also does n't have the integrated reflector . 
they only get 3-stars because they are so crazyface cheap . 
this is simply the best range ear protection money can buy . 
it is form fitting to both young and full grown adults . 
it is priced right at around 50 dollars . 
it is comfortable on hot days and cold days . 
i own three of these . 
my wife and i are both using these . 
we like them particularly for the cap that keeps dirt off the mouth parts . 
we wash them in the dishwasher . 
never noticed any plastic taste or odor . 
the cap hinge and clasp are not hugely rugged . 
it bpa free ? 
they say the bottle body is made of ldpe . 
the black and white portions of the cap are not identified . 
the black part is more likely hdpe or polypropylene . 
i can not tell about the white part of the cap . 
i would give this 10 stars if i could . 
i am super impressed with this weapon ! 
and i wish i could load more than one round at a time . 
but like i said , i ' m new with air rifles 
so was n't sure what to expect with it . 
m glad i did n't leave feedback then because i found the ammo today . 
you just have to look real good for it . 
it 's taped to a little block of styrofoam . 
you get what you pay for . 
i ' ve had a lot of knives in my life . 
this one is exactly what it says it is 
and i can quit looking for the perfect pocket knife . 
i found it . 
got this for my 10 year old son . 
he loves it . 
my son is 58   34   and about 100lbs . 
he 's active and very strong . 
this ball works perfectly for him . 
great price too . 
starting close and moving out from there . 
it was a pretty incredible experience for this first - time laser user . 
the knobs made adjustment very quick and easy . 
but it does not look like the highest quality battery ever made . 
have a new battery ready from your store of cr123 ' s.since 
so far so good . 
seem to be sturdy than most mounts i have had . 
no problem mounting . 
i would purchase again . 
everything you need to replace the wearing portions of the leatherman mut . 
prolongs the life of an extremely expensive item . 
35 and free shipping . can not beat the price . 
well designed and executed . 
handle is lighter than wood . 
seems tougher -- 
no splitting , chipping or splinters . 
it just dimples when you smack it on something hard . 
came very sharp . 
i practice with the trainer , which you can get for about   13 . 
nothing that a lanyard and a little stippling or skateboard tape will not cure . 
overall 5 stars . would definitely recommend to anyone needing a tomahawk . 
i own three   !   
and i do n't feel as good on any other saddles . 
brooks are just about perfect for me . 
this is very useful for loading those tiny dang .22lr rounds . 
it does need a bit of lubrication to work well 
the also do not fit in other .45s . 
however , the .45 acp a - zoom snap caps are a different story ! 
the knife locks positively into the sheath without a strap . 
good balance , and the handle fits my hand well despite its small size . 
the glasses are well made and on the nicer end of safety eyewear . 
i have a larger face and these fit . 
they will darken in the presence of uv light . 
i generally wear contacts but do have glasses that have transition lenses . 
these 3 m safety glasses match the tranistion features found in my normal glasses transition 
in the presense of multiple light sources   daytime   they are crystal clear . 
backboard is solid , the rim is attached with a spring 
so my son can dunk on it . 
i love the light . 
.this led light is great . 
it 's very visible even during daylight . 
and they 're nice and easy to change.my only real complaint 
is with the mounting bracket . 
but i can not tighten this enough to keep it in one position . 
now it 's good and tight 
and i have no more complaints . 
i love this little gizmo ! 
for those reviewers who have complaints - trying giving this device a chance . 
i have received an email back that day or the next day . 
wear it around for a while . 
you will find the help that you need - videos and written material . 
the game is great fun and adds a dimension to the product . 
love it ! 
great quality and good fit . 
this bottle continues the tradition . 
i spend a lot of time in our home in southern colorado . 
the water there has a bit of a sulfur smell and a slight taste . 
the look , feel and size of the bottle suite me well . 
it 's not for non - potable water . 
i like it and recommend it highly . 
excellent knife . 
pretty heavy , and seems to be well made . 
it works as it should . 
i d say its worth having . 
casts great very sensitive and abrasion resistant . 
have landed many large catfish , carp and bass without breaking . 
easily installed with my magpul sga stock . 
allen seems to be a good company when it comes to archery accessories . 
and it appears to do what it is designed to do . 
the wife liked the color to match her range bag . 
fit great and no vision issues either with these glasses . 
this is cheap and heavy , but it does work . 
i really just wanted it for the showerhead . 
the hose is thin walled but a decent 
so it flows well . 
purchased as a little gag gift for a big game hunter . 
turns out he has used it for taking small game.thus the five stars . 
it 's basic and it works . 
to me   best cooler ever for kayak fishing . 
it is all about hydration and this cooler and cans are perfect . 
they were quiet , smoothed out the bumps and tracked well . 
bought this set as a beginner . 
the irons in this set are excellent . 
just played an 18 hole executive course and absolutely loved this set . 
fits lots of fuel containers and is so light . 
makes the whole stove so much more stable . 
it also raises the fuel container off the cold ground a bit . 
msr does outdoor stuff as well as anyone . 
i think you should get this . 
this knife is built solid and still looks beautiful . 
it arrives sharp enough to shave your hair with . 
the sheath is excellent too and holds the knife solid . 
if you buy this knife it will probably outlast you . 
i do n't mind the serrations , but some people do so 
i have the armorbak , and needed to clean it after a few uses . 
it took about 5 minutes of your time to do it . 
it cleans the bladder perfectly , and has no after taste . 
bought these for my wife 's kokanee trolling rods . 
functional and work great . 
every since the marines , i have always used clp . 
best stuff on this world . 
i have tried other brands but this is the best .... 
i m also not sure if this is 3moa . 
i wanted a water proof solution in case of rain , etc .. 
something in case my little butane lighter failed or ran dry . 
this is a beautiful , sturdy well made tool . 
the handle is solid wood and a very comfortable grip . 
it feels great ! 
not cheap or flimsy . 
the   strike   is a metal tool , built onto the strap . 
and you grip it and strike it against the tool . 
its pretty basic . 
scrape it the right direction    
you get a huge shower of sparks . 
plus its totally weatherproof . 
i added some paper and larger kindling and - fire ! ! 
i did n't test this a lot . 
there are smaller versions available , but we are men ! 
men need solid wood handles and things that make fire ! 
its okay . 
no instructions came with it however . 
i carry it in my    34 cleaning kit   34   bag ! 
i remember my dad using good old number 9 . 
my wife , no so much . 
did i mention that it still works as good as ever on the guns . 
fairly sharp out of the box . 
this is the best bike seat ever . 
the ibert is easy to mount and the child can interact with you . 
we solved this with a little velcro strap behind the back . 
regardless , you will enjoy going on rides with your child . 
i ' m compliant . 
this button was different than the other 2 i bought 
but it went in the same way 
it was a little cleaner as it sits on the gun . 
i 'd buy it again if i needed another one . 
i ' m perfectly capable of following directions and can put most anything together . 
but the manufacturer can make this easy or ... not . 
the kind of stuff that serves to complicate an otherwise simple assembly . 
you can google it and see it is true . 
it 's worth it if in a dire emergency 
instead there are plenty of studies proving these work . 
for once ... something worked exactly as i thought it would . 
love the buzzz , titanium plastic is super durable . 
but i way prefer my elite z buzzz for it 's flight characteristics . 
untill you pop them up . 
very compact and sturdy . 
piezo ignition works flawlessly . 
this will be going with me on all my camping trips for sure ! 
these are 27x11 4 . 
, it looked like the stripe guy had been hitting the bottle . 
it usually takes about 1.5 containers to spray all of our clothing . 
trust me , it will pay off for you ! 
i am still absolutely amazed at the effectiveness of this product ! 
it lasts for weeks , and will save you money in the long run ! 
your tick problem will be gone . 
another bonus is that the mosquitoes stay away from you , too ! 
bought myself one of these at the self reliant expo in slc . 
great piece of gear and really tough . 
coleman makes the best stuff . 
this case is very nice and works well . 
nice handle at the top . 
i got black , despite the picture showing red . 
but i did n't care at all . 
lantern fits in there nicely and it closes well too . 
i was a little hesitant about buying this . 
this safe or   strong box   
i 'd call it is very sturdy . 
mine fell right out when i opened the box . 
, you ll never get this out of my house . 
i think it would stop someone for a good 20 - 30 minutes . 
this is a pretty sweet lookin    34 replica   34   357 ! ! 
this setup looks intimidating , great for starters ! ! ! 
i sighted the laser pointer in and then just point n shoot ! ! ! 
with mentioned attachments i can not use the supplied holster   -   ... 
oh well ! 
gets the job done and saves some weight . 
nice smooth shifting and worked well with the    
34 stock   34   8 speed shifter set that came on the bike . 
these pellets are inexpensive and are a good all around hunting and plinking pellet . 
they shoot good in both my benjamin trail np and gamo whisper fusion .177 . 
it is everything i expected it to be . 
works great ! 
i am so thankful that someone came up with this idea . 
man am i jealous that i had n't thought of it myself 
this was a good overall purchase and has worked well many times . 
i was able to bend it back in place and keep using it though . 
i can carry all the ammo i need in one vest ! 
it is light weight , cool and comfortable . 
good purchase for the money . 
bought this stabilizer for my son 's bow . 
it works as well as an entry level stabilizer should . 
we are enjoying it . 
... i ' m going to try and be short here . 
kershaw is one of my very favorite blade makers . 
they offer the sharpest out - of - box knives of any brand . 
i ' ve got another blur   tanto serrated . 
it cost me   56    wally . 
this one is   
this knife has that same lovable scapel edge which i adore with sandvik knives . 
this one is   30 ! ! 
i use the edge of my thumbnail   
b c i have too . 
it 's not a big deal . 
.. this is not an imposter , blemish , or factory defect knife - 
it 's a brand new blur made in the usa . 
get yours before these sell - out . 
multiple applications are your best bet . 
having to take the batteries out when not training is kind of a pain . 
wish is had an    34 off   34   switch . 
yes for medium ranges i guess the magnifier i can not complain too much . 
see a lot of pixels and for this reason my counterstrike reigns supreme . 
aside from this , it is a very good weapons sight . 
this whistle is super loud ! 
it 's ear piercingly loud . 
it left my ears ringing ! 
it does take quite a bit of air to make it work though . 
but , damn , it 's loud ! 
really a waste . 
get the bigger one ! 
great putting practice tool . 
it 's high quality and returns the ball every time . 
the mat fells just like a real green . 
this will hook up to my camelback with the purchase a a quik kit . 
then i can backward fill the bladder with filtered water with quick connections ' 
tough to find in stores , just watch sizing . 
the fits all size is adult size . 
i would recommend this product 
good quality , good clarity , and the adjustment works smoothly . 
i bought this to replace a failing scope on my marlin m25 . 
good scope . 
i would rate it a 5 star if it were a 40 mm . 
but , i am happy with it and would recommend it . 
not much to say about this , except we are happy with the purchase . 
they are stackable . 
very nice , arrived in great timing . 
just received and set up my sv500 safe . 
do n't know what instructions others were following . 
it could n't be more simple . 
fits a colt officers model in its holster 
that 's just a fact of life . 
still will not completely prevent all theft but it is your best bet . 
this safe is intended to keep your firearm secure yet accessible . 
did n't want to chance it not opening . 
the date is smaller but works well for me . 
just make sure to wash on a semi - regular basis . 
what more could you want ? 
my second pair and i will keep buying them . 
it is what you would expect a official mlb rawlings baseball . 
it comes in a cardboard box with a piece of tissue paper . 
so you can see it before you buy . 
the product is well made with a nice padding . 
over all the product functions like it should and a great price as well . 
bought to relace the wheels on my schwinn twinn . 
turns the spokes nicely without rounding , what more could i ask for ? 
do n't let ignorance rob you of your joy . 
if you 're a dedicated player and want every advantage , this is 
a   must item   to have and use . 
fits right at home on the stock of my sako a7 in .300 wsm . 
it 's a great way to keep extra rounds handy when hunting dangerous game ..... 
or if you are a terrible shot . 
installed these on 9 mm just right carbine and they work fine . 
then i ' m sure you can adjust it 
it works though . 
and you 're good to go . 
they are highly reflective and quite comfortable . 
i know anyone approaching in a car is going to see them . 
these collar stays work just as described . 
they keep the collar in place nicely . 
cool idea . 
they are strong and well made . 
the magnets do the job as described . 
good customer service . 
it 's more of a gimmick than a go - to practice 
it holds 4 mags and they fit in easily . 
so that means they really do n't stretch that 
well so they are difficult to put on   
i ' ve got relatively beefy 
but once they are up they stay up , which is great ! 
i would definitely recommend these , very good at stopping cold wind . 
this pot is great . 
it is very durable , lightweight , and functional . 
anything that didn   8217 t wipe off easily came off after some scrubbing . 
8217 s the perfect size for cooking for families.the only downsides 
it wasn   
i hadn   8217 t even used the pot yet . 
perhaps my bag is simply defected , though . 
i do not carry my brief case to work . 
perfect for the office . 
overall , it does the job it was designed . 
i had no problems with the 3 i ordered . 
i tried them on a armalite , e.r . 
shaw    a military sight tower with standard sights . 
knurled tool handle , 2.68   34   
we got yellow 
so it might be more visible if the knife was dropped . 
good to have around the house also . 
yes there is a bar that runs down the middle of the cot   
i have not found it to be that bothersome or uncomfortable . 
great barbell rack . 
very stable with or without extra plates stored on the base . 
fraction of the price of most of the other squat racks i looked at . 
extremely satisfied with this one . 
it works awesome , puts out a ton of heat . 
for the price you can not possibly go wrong . 
buy two or three . 
crank broke in the middle of a storm , taking shelter in the woods . 
do n't buy it not reliable survival equipment . 
they 'll hit the spot , and provide needed calories . 
the portions are good sized . 
the taste is acceptable . 
but they 're definitely not gourmet . 
they 're better than other freeze dried meals i ' ve tried . 
but they are not worth the raves people have given them . 
i am a total fan of the tanto blades . 
of all my neck knives this is the one i carry the most often . 
the sheath is great .. 
the knife snaps right in and out . 
i bought this air horn for my survival kit . 
it is very loud , and efficient . 
but do n't let looks deceive you . 
this horn is very small . 
it also is very dangerous . 
do not bring it around kids . 
it will cause hearing damage . 
if you hold it too close , it will hurt your ears . 
also , do not hold it sideways or upside - down . 
otherwise the juice that powers the horn will squirt out . 
besides the safety issues i am pleased . 
this seat is a nice replacement for my stock schwinn cruiser seat.comfort feels great . 
i only needed a 5 mm hex allen wrench . 
honestly , it is now the nicest looking part on my bike . 
the title says it all ... 
enough said ... this thing would barelt qualify as a laser pointer ... 
it does n't qualify as a bore sight . 
purchased this for my girlfriend who does n't want to carry a firearm . 
she wishes it was slightly more compact but has no major complaints . 
this item showed up two days early so extra points for the shipper . 
this hatchet is very solid and extremely well made . 
what else do you expect from something made in the usa ? 
i personally own one of these and i bought this one for our troop . 
i like that it is one solid piece of steel . 
i ' ve used other hatchets where i felt the head might fall off . 
not this one . 
the head is part of the handle so no risk of that happening . 
following the instructions i diluted the mixture to make a half gallon . 
but as i said my cases were nasty . 
if you just have tarnished or slightly dorty cases this would work quickly . 
where i live we have    
34 buffalo nats   
34   in the spring . 
they are really the same black fly of canada    alaska . 
i have to wear a head net just like when i lived in alaska . 
deet does not deter the buffalo nat , eh ? 
brighter than expected . 
will be ordering another one . 
good value for the price . 
it 's a good light to have on your bike especially in the city . 
it can be seen . 
i purchased the white xar giro helmet from extreme supply . 
do n't get burned like i did . 
you may want to check out the other brands . 
then come back here on amazon and make your purchase . 
that could possibly be problematic if left charging for too long .   
update   after a reply from another amazon customer about the validity of this brand 
the seller was zigzagmart and the brand is terminator . 
right now , you have to remove the battery . 
exactly what i needed and a good price . 
it fits very tight on the rail and has two recoil pins through it . 
i love headsweats . 
i ' ve bought a few of these hats . 
they also do n't look bad , so you can wear them casually . 
so in total , i got only 2 wears out of these socks . 
keep in mind 
i ' m pretty sure they would hold up nicely for normal running . 
also note that i did trim my toenails before each race . 
decent quality sock , at a reasonable price . 
i really wanted to like this lantern . 
maybe i have a defective one . 
once i put the 4 d cells in i did my usual testing . 
light output is good but not blinding . 
on low it 's mostly a too bright night light . 
when i twist it , it stops with a hard plastic knock . 
i ' m hitting something that 's in the way . 
glad i did in this case . 
if you can change the batteries i 'd give it 4 stars overall . 
mine is not an excellent example.update 12 23 13i called the number for mr . 
beams and a replacement is on the way . 
i will also be shipping back the defective one , with shipper label . 
thanks mr . 
beams!update 1 24 14a 
few days ago i got my replacement and it works as intended . 
i sent back the first one 
so they can figure out what went wrong . 
it all works well and is a solid four star lantern . 
if it was a bit brighter on high it would be five stars . 
thanks mr . 
beams for the replacement . 
most matches do ya know 
these pads are great - they absorb shock extremely well and are very comfortable . 
i ' ve had them for a few weeks 
and they 're holding up perfectly . 
order larger than usual ! 
it works . 
this is a great product to have if you are into reloading . 
i picked up 3 new glock magazines . 
it loaded all 10 rounds very easily . 
it really does make the process quick and effortless . 
i really like the ease and speed that this blade extends . 
this thing is rock solid , cup holding perfection ... 
the   track your sleep   feature is junk . 
i use it with myfitnesspal 
throw - away electronics are a bad idea . 
a great pedometer that will end up in the trash someday . 
traded out my garmin stick for this . 
i have been using it more than a year   8230 
just works . 
i have a garmin 910 xt that i upload . 
i was nt smoking while snorkling 
but you never know when you need one . 
do n't be an fps noob and blow a ton of cash on these . 
try them ? 
but if they are n't accurate , you know what to do . 
sometimes a slower , heavier pellet is more accurate . 
just like airsoft ammo . 
i 'll never shoot lighter than .32 
g airsoft after years of trial and error . 
the same seems to apply here . 
i like 9 grain gamo rockets or crosman premier hollow - points . 
both blow these out of the water for accuracy in my guns . 
and that latter are cheap 
came sharp , decent edge.the next issue 
i have is the grip . 
well actualy there is no grip . 
i m afraid to stab anything because i m afraid my hand will slide . 
and i was pleased to find that the rounded top was just my style . 
place it on the next step and use the leverage to pull yourself up . 
sharpened it on wicked edge and now it 's perfect ! 
this web belt is a thicker and wider than the usual military ones . 
the overall belt is beefy and substantial . 
the buckle grips well and is a nice brushed silver . 
the buckle works the same way as the usual web belts . 
the belt is 45 - 46   34   long . 
the color is a very neutral tan or beige . 
and i plan to wear it with jeans , khakis and summer shorts . 
replaced the cheapo pedals on a cheapo mountain bike . 
i ride the streets but sometimes the asphalt qualifies as off road . 
at 220lbs the cheapo pedals lasted only a week before cracking . 
with these cast pedals i have no fear of standing on them . 
the nubs are cast - in so no fear of slipping . 
also wide   front to back . 
i think they are holed for toe clips . 
lite weight . 
i like the clear container because you can tell how many matches remain.over 
all it is a good lil ' container that fits well in a pack . 
matches are great and as described . 
well made , solid construction and a great price for pedals of this quality . 
received the blackhawk advanced tactical knee pads v.2 . 
they fit perfectly and provide excellent protection for the knee . 
material is durable , and fastens with velcro tension straps . 
recommended if you are looking for knee protection . 
this roller was difficult to get used to at first . 
i really like this one . 
first , because ken onion had a hand in it . 
secondly , it is well made and well balanced . 
it looks and feels tough and the blade came razor sharp . 
easy to open and close.crkt is a new knife maker for me 
but i really like them . 
i own a shenanigan and 
now this one.if 
you want a good , solid knife check this one out . 
you will not be disappointed . 
does a great job . 
i was doing a old gun modernization project . 
great for cleaning in the field and at the end of the day . 
i had that problem with my .22 long rifle . 
i could not draw the snake through the bore . 
but after a few months i tried it again 
, it was snug , but nicely snug as opposed to too tight . 
i did this for the snake i got with my new .17 hmr rifle . 
i hope this information helps . 
bought this for fun , but believe me this is powerful ! 
once sighted i can hit anythimg 100 yards away even on the move ! 
i love it ! 
try placing a reel underneath and you can shoot and retrieve anything ! now beat 
that!go get it ! 
i like this bottle for 60 - 90 minute runs in the texas heat . 
but that s fine for me . 
only problem is after about 40 minutes my drink is no longer cold 
supposed to be 5 - 8 days 
i can not say enough good about this bench . 
it is sturdy with commercial grade steel and will not wobble or move . 
the wheels make it easy to move around . 
i then found the xmark line of benches . 
i believe this is the best bang for the buck . 
bench comes in a large box that is well packed and double wrapped . 
every piece was precision made and well constructed . 
i also do not recommend the multi - function benches for longevity reasons . 
you will not be disappointed . 
the fit is awful on these . 
otherwise , the quality seems fine . 
i ' m going to order a medium and hope that one fits . 
used them a few times now . 
i love our durable folding buckets   0   
they are awesome ! 
perfect for packing and setting up camp and packing back out . 
i am not sure what others are talking about as far as a smell . 
no need to buy the more expensive one ! 
i bumped it up to an xl and it fit perfectly . 
usually , shirts are too short for my torso . 
this extends down to my hips.overall , the quality seems to be sturdy . 
i ' ve definitely paid more for similar t - shirts of lesser quality . 
i love this spray . 
i ordered 3 total and paid   27.00 total . 
it has a lemon fresh scent . 
i use this with a baby wipe and it spreads out more o the mat 
i use it regularly to carry up to 40 lbs of groceries . 
it works great . 
it does n't go very fast but does its job with ease .    
it comes with a neck cord and recommend you carry it that way ... 
and they mean it . 
the blade itself is worthy of the cold steel name . 
the handle provides just enough to get a comfortable immovable grip on the weapon . 
too bad about the sheath and carry options .   
my original review was basically my first impression . 
easy to carry , sharpen , draw , and clean . 
it is a perfect fit for the jetboil flash stove   
8230   matter of fact , plus some ! 
8230   along with that one 
then the jetboil flash on top of that   8230 . 
secure packing perfection housed with   3   fuel cans total ! ! ! 
for clip type slings , it 's quite small . 
on the plus side , it 's light and well made . 
i shoot 250grain   about a half ounce   
steel field tips 
so they are a pretty substantial lump of metal . 
after receiving the unit , i took an arrow with me outside for testing . 
repeated the same test with arrow and leaves grass with same results . 
had to be directly on top , about an inch away to really register . 
worthless.my kid saw me testing this thing and wanted to try it out . 
even more worthless.item is getting returned . 
it pulled the bipod against the stock , and that was it . 
this basically mounts a little picatinny rail to your gun . 
with the vanguard you simply loosen the knob and it comes off . 
the utg has the traditional   fixed   mount . 
the vanguard legs are more vertical . 
i did find that i was able to hold both consistently on target though . 
deploying the bipods is also a little different . 
i ' ve yet to get a park tool that i did n't like . 
the light and laser are bright and function well . 
the quick release button out of the box is tight and seems sturdy .   
i wonder if the spring will loosen over time . 
if you are left handed i believe this setup would be perfect for you .. 
this fits perfectly in the usgi cup and canteen pouch . 
while this is likely a non - issue it is still worthy to note . 
all in all a great and clean replacement for a clunky old usgi canteen . 
these waterproof bags are incredible . 
a very well made product that i would highly recommend . 
i finally did get it positioned and aligned ok after googling sites for help . 
also clearer adjustment instructions would also help . 
works fine and replaced well on my 14-year old diamondback . 
bought this after having arthroscopic knee surgery for a torn meniscus . 
product is perfect for my trek 800 mountain bike which has knobby tires . 
very stable and simple to use . 
looks well made and hope to have many years of use . 
not really worth it maybe if they where a dollar for 4 of them . 
bring another way to make fire not just this 
serves my purpose .. 
for all i know though , none do .   
this just is n't acceptable at all 
and there is no easy way to adjust for the difference.i 
easily adjustable and comfortable . 
might as well use the space on a sling for something . 
ammo is a good choice . 
this sheath is very sturdy and made with the usual heavy maxpedition material . 
i deducted one star because of the price of the sheath . 
i trust the crosman and gamo names . 
they make the best for the price . 
at first i had the utg quad rail system . 
very durable and does what it is supposed to do ! 
keeps the condensation from rolling down the bottle all over the place . 
it fits very well . 
comes with a little carabiner to attach it to something . 
well made . 
would definitely recommend this . 
my girlfriend loves hers too ! 
this is a great price for a high quality tee . 
i was not expecting it to be so nice for the price . 
glad we bought it ! 
our grandson loved it ... 
we purchased this for him for christmas . 
he will use camping with boy scouts next year . 
needed by anyone camping 
first fire started with the first spark and first strike . 
if you have good tinder a little wind 
the shower of sparks from 1 strike gets you going . 
well worth the money . 
i did have to clean the blade upon receiving it . 
it is the sharpest around half way up the blade . 
i only found this to be the bottom three inches of the blade . 
i just hope the ninjas do n't come back again 
had never been opened as far as i could tell .. 
quality brass tips for patches and the rod is nice as well . 
ok , it 's not a carbon fiber one .. 
but it 's also not 5 times the price either . 
the storage bag is perfectly sized with room for some extras . 
fits great in my gun case . 
i am very happy with my purchase . 
it comes hair - shaving sharp from the factory . 
far i ' m happy with this product . 
the thule chariot stroller arrived partially assembled . 
the main section of the stroller was already assembled , though folded down . 
the four wheels and handle needed to be added . 
i did find it awkward that the instructions included 3 different sheets . 
, so it 's awkward to store ... but is it easy to use ? 
yes ! ! 
we live in the country and often take walks on a gravel road . 
both were easy to travel with ! 
the side walls are tinted plastic , without ventilation . 
the top layers can be adjusted , depending on the weather . 
there is a sun shade that comes down first and protects the child . 
the different layers are held in place with very strong velcro . 
nice product ... 
quality is ok , but the leather could be of a higher quality . 
great fit ... comfortable for long - term carry ... 
it is clearly built to last from very high quality leather . 
if i needed two , i would n't hesitate to buy another . 
great knife , hands down . 
i still prefer the endura 4 ffg due to its larger size . 
very lightweight .   
55 might be too expensive for some , but it is worth it . 
with knives you get what you pay for generally . 
especially blade steel . 
really cleans your chamber without bristles distorting or falling apart . 
first off , i thought these knives would be bigger . 
i ' ve gotten sets that are bigger    cheaper . 
but overall , they 're good knives . 
given their size , they 're light . 
i like throwing them long distances cause they fly really fast . 
they 're balanced , durable    good . 
the price is right too ! 
this is a good addition to an already fantastic gun . 
this makes the takedown very easy , especially for arthritic fingers . 
it takes very little time to install . 
have used this several times and it seems to work well . 
not a game changer in terms of gun cleaning but does a good job 
far more sturdy . 
this is important since it will be set - up most of the time . 
great quality , and works perfectly . 
we love it and use it daily . 
i have had this light for over a year now . 
i ride for about 2 hours 5 nights a week . 
i use the solid setting on each row . 
this light one of the best tail lights on the market . 
100 oz hydration pack . 
those two lights work great 
you will need a 3 4 riser for a mil spec rifle . 
mount fit on my converted saiga perfect , no modification needed . 
feels rock solid and after a couple hundred rounds still holding zero . 
i got a feeling it 'll be pretty close after removal . 
these are nice arm warmers that are thin and stay in place . 
so this was acceptable to me . 
stays cold about twice as long as ice . 
solid value . 
i went with the small thermarest pillow for backpacking . 
it rolls up to an acceptable size and weight for a pack . 
it is full , fluffy , yet firm . 
that being said , this is a wonderful alternative to some dirty clothes . 
included some photos to offer a visual . 
it can attach to either schrader or presta valves . 
that 's it   the pump is reasonably priced and works well . 
so i decided it was time to buy my own set . 
i have n't used these in the water yet 
but already i can see and feel the difference in quality . 
this set is very nice , particularly the mask . 
the fit around the face is comfortable due to the soft neoprene skirt . 
the snorkel has a purge valve which i have n't used before 
but i can see how nice it will be to have it . 
these are basic , no frills levers . 
this thing just goes forever . 
34   the design is good and the performance is solid . 
i wish the outside and inside would grip more though . 
but that 's just me . 
i got what i wanted .. 
it says it fits a glock magazine 
but i am betting that will change in time . 
the materials were pretty decent . 
so it gets 4 . 
on the other hand the shipping was fast and before the estimated date . 
so that was cool .. 
this multicam pouch matches perfectly with my multicam condor venture pack . 
i think this light for the price is a very good deal . 
i have bought two of them now . 
i still smile when i turn it on . 
these are now my go - to shorts for rides over 60 miles . 
very comfortable and non binding . 
good compression and fit . 
can not say enough good about them . 
i wear a 37 waste , and the 36 fits me perfectly . 
this cap looks really good and fits really nice . 
i thought it was sturdy until i pulled on the tag inside the headband 
and it ripped the headband stiching . 
the item was delivered on time and in good condition , . 
this was a birthday gift for someone 
and it 's general features . 
he loves them . 
easy to apply and remove . 
getting three colors in one package is a nice touch . 
you can create all kinds of configurations with this kit . 
to get rid of some of my frustrations . 
your drink stays cold for hours ! 
i drink a lot of water at work and this size is perfect . 
i still have n't figured it out   100 . 
it 's design 
is just weird and does n't really work right . 
also , i regret buying a bright orange fly 
but oh well.overall , an okay tent 
but i think you should invest a little more and buy a better tent . 
i wear xl and ordered xl , and they fit just fine . 
prior to this i had only replaced grips on a pistol . 
after this , i feel a little more confident . 
it is easier if you have the right tools and take it slow . 
for the price , you can not beat it . 
the quality is also much higher than i expected for what it cost . 
barska did a great job with this spotting scope . 
it is very easy to install . 
attaches and stays on well . 
i had no problems with the product . 
i bought it to attach my streamlight tlr-4 on my s w40ve . 
there 's no means to mount itto anything at all ! 
the other little weaver style with the 3 allen screws works very well . 
these fit perfectly for the crossman 31 . 
very happy with this purchase . 
if you have the c31 , this is what you want . 
that inside a plastic bag with a zipper . 
it seemed safe . 
true to murphy 's law , water found its way to the phone . 
upon arriving at the shore , i saw the phone convulsing in vibrations . 
i took it out as soon as possible . 
put it in a rice bag . 
but it was too late . 
it died . 
that 's what this bag gives you , and it is worth every penny . 
very good bicycle seats . 
quality item . 
similar to my old seat . 
in size and shape . 
not super comfortable . 
when your seat gets wet . 
it stays wet . 
could try the sunlite cloud-9 for more comfort . 
both these you can adjust the tilt up and down . 
slide front and back . 
it took me about 15 minutes to install this and adjust it . 
i rate it a 10 . 
which in turn allows the mirror to move too much while riding . 
the positives definitely out weigh the negatives . 
these come safely boxed . 
they are very good quality , balanced and strait . 
please let me know . 
they performed very welland are extremely comfortable . 
the nrr of 28db was very important to me . 
as a guitarist and music lover   
i ' m ebealienhead on youtube if you care to listen 
i try to take very good care of my hearing . 
you have the best hearing protection available ... 
bought the   over the head   model as well which are awesome . 
so , in a couple of words , buy them ... 
they are worth it . 
sturdy , non - warping injection mold plastic unlike some other offerings out there . 
great fit for longer rifles , etc . 
and is a great fit for my mosin - nagant ! 
get it ! 
well worth the money . 
everything i expected from this product . 
do n't hit bare handed . 
use water cuz sand is a b !    t. 
i have no problems with this at all . 
great light for any home defense handgun that has a rail . 
very bright and easy on and off ! ! 
they are very fast and do a good job of penetration . 
they are light 
so they do not seem to be as accurate . 
i would recommend this product . 
but i prefer the rubber ones better . 
oh well . 
in my opinion this contraption just is n't worth it . 
second you have to secure this to your waist and make sure its tight . 
this telescoping pole is plastic and feels like its going to break . 
while trying to use it i kept pressing the button 
and it was just silly until i got it 
does it work though? .... 
well ehhh , it sorta does 
but i think its safer and easier to just go to the chiropractor . 
put this on my ar and works great . 
good grip , easy to attach . 
they are very attractive 
as i do much of my travel my car , this is no problem.now 
this suits their needs also . 
of course my workout plan and goals may change with time . 
and i am sure some very nice ones . 
that sold me . 
but again , buyers take care , select what meets your needs . 
i got this for my ruger american .308 . 
best bike rack i have ever dealt with for sure ! 
love it ! 
easy to put together and easy to put on and take off . 
we have pretty delicate road bikes and this rack treats them so gently ! 
really great way to transport your bike . 
very simple but very effective ! 
great value compared with the competition . 
a good back up knife 
this is a knife that has equal parts function and form . 
the stone - washed blade lends a worn appearance . 
it will also cover up most nicks and scratches as time goes by . 
i also like the full tang . 
makes for a rough and tough knife . 
yes , for this price you get a solid knife . 
this is a well made classy diver watch . 
it had worked well for over a year . 
easy to wear and goes well with casual clothes . 
but there are better out there 
it is exactly as described and i believe to be good quality . 
might have to get another one for my other handgun . 
i have a trek hybrid that i have set up for commuting . 
this one leaves half of the wheels exposed . 
will not buy again ... 
first off , i love these in the 6-shot versions . 
they seat all the way in    does its job well . 
great for nightstand ... 
i have a ruger lcr with the boot grip . 
the problem is that the 5-shot spacing is not identical to the ruger . 
i had to finesse the loader off the wedged rounds . 
i recommend waiting     hoping   that some manufacturer makes a better fitting loader . 
this is a tough knife ! 
well made sharpe , a little hard to close but easy to open . 
spyderco is a very solid brand , from my experience . 
the action is smooth and there is no blade play ... 
the knife is just well - designed , and perfect for everyday use . 
do n't be misled by the low price . 
this is a very high quality swivel . 
i put this on my mesa tactical stock.grip adapter on on my mossberg 500 . 
it is very secure and solid . 
it 's well worth the money . 
i love this gun . 
the only thing missing is the telescopic buttstock .... 
it looks great in this picture at the link here 
this goto youtube and enter these words exactly into the search box on youtube 
it is by far the best quality and looks for the price .. 
i would think it should cost twice what it 
- i wholeheartedly concur . 
with the large drop down side panels . 
i had a site that was about 100 feet from the water . 
it was a very breezy weekend and this was a godsend . 
so i can not speak to that . 
and it does fit in there , 
but at an angle in the back seat . 
it takes up no room this way 
highly recommended . 
however , my saturn was n't listed . 
i emailed the company and they responded quickly with their recommendation . 
both bikes fit snugly and securely on the rack . 
you will drive with confidence knowing your bikes are secured with this product . 
highly recommended ! 
after reading the reviews on amazon 
i thought i 'd try this . 
it is far superior to tourna grip . 
it feels nicer to grip and removes the moisture better . 
it you have n't tried this , i high recommend trying it . 
i installed this in a minute and it is well made . 
fits well and works just as the listing said it would 
it 's very thin , but still blocks plenty of wind . 
then there 's the half inch only socket for a torque wrench ? ! 
this product is a complete waste of money . 
i decided to go with firewerks for 2 reasons . 
they are a little cheaper   price wise not made cheaper   and 2 . 
they were closer to where i live . 
wow , what a suprise that was . 
not to mention i got tracking info immediately . 
i just bought a second mosin nagant 
so ... all the better . 
i will probably buy a couple more sets for guageing my other rifles . 
i highly recommend this seller . 
thank you firewerks.com for the excellent and prompt product and delivery . 
the hat is awesome . 
it is much larger than i thought . 
in length not head size . 
it is a perfect hat for dreadlocks ! 
some sites refer to this schrade 10   bowie as a small machete . 
excellent value and a useful piece of kit . 
this is the real dill ! 
parachute cord i have purchased some   para cord   from sporting goods place before 
and it was a cheap knock off this 
is just like the o 
d green cord used my the u s gov . 
for the price it 's amazing . 
it 's basically on par with the   50 similar backpacking stoves . 
maybe slightly heavier . 
nice quality and fun color for the kitchen . 
it is a luxury to have a bread knife like this . 
, you ca nt go wrong for the money . 
i took the chance on this pair and ended up finding something that works . 
the seal is great , even with my narrow face . 
this is a must for rifle builders . 
this allows the tool to flex a little if you are not watching carefully . 
the finish is superb . 
the tool fits well in your hand . 
mtech gives a lot of quality for a very reasonable price . 
it blues metal as expected . 
what you see is what you get . 
light weight , not smelly , easy to tack up . 
this is for light cover only . 
otherwise , it does a great job . 
this is a good no frills vise block . 
i use these in my .22 's , and i like them a lot . 
they hold together well and do n't leave a lot of lint behind . 
this stove has worked every time i have tried to use it . 
it has ignited on coleman fuel that would n't start a jetboil . 
it 's small , compact , balances a 1.5l pot with no problem . 
the pot will be gingerly perched but it will not fall . 
works great no problems , pack it where ever you like . 
easy to store . 
very easy to clean , i wish it was heavier material . 
used for mounting hawke 30 mm sidewinder to .22 benjamin marauder . 
but i do n't want to have to keep tightening them up , either . 
the machining on them is clean and accurate . 
the finish is good . 
, i brought it to the range recently after also installing a g2 trigger . 
the size they had been before update 2 16 2014so 
it 's been roughly a year and a half 
i put it in my security cabinet and it was rather wobbly . 
i put them on there while i am cleaning . 
that seems to be a better use of them for me . 
this is a great knife , even greater for the price you pay . 
the blade shape and edge makes it easy to sharp . 
it has nice weight . 
it looks pretty intimidating   the overall blade shape is unique looking . 
it has a nice finish and comfortable g-10 scales . 
this knife is built more than what it 's listing for . 
should consider this knife ! 
you will not regret it . 
anyone wanting to get setup in paintball needs to think about upgrading to hpa . 
shop around and you can find this tank around   40 . 
got one for me and my son . 
for the money it is a nice product . 
we have them in out small packs . 
i recommend . 
believe this is good price for three of these . 
tried them out and they work well . 
i bought this pouch at wal - mart 
buy it . 
i bought this holster for use with my ruger mark ii target 22 pistol . 
i am pleased to note that this holster satisfies that requirement . 
i happen to also own a ruger mark iii hunter 6.88   barrel pistol . 
but that is not all . 
both fit fine in this excellent holster . 
not only that , this holster fits my beretta m9a1 very nicely . 
this one works just fine.the holster is very well made . 
the clip can also be moved to the left - handed side . 
my ch53 put in gun safe and closed door after couple days open safe 
this stove does just what it is supposed to do . 
it fires up quickly , runs hot and quiet without any problems . 
it was super cheap , and i am fully satisfied . 
well worth the money spent for this item . 
all in all a great compact fa kit . 
pouch , jumbo versipack , 
jumbo edc   i highly recommend their products . 
nothing fancy just a good solid tool . 
the knurl on the handle is deep and gives you good grip . 
the tool is working fine . 
nothing much to say really 
i even use it to help me zero my other lasers . 
but it turned out well . 
clean up amounted to a brief rinse . 
not a partcle stuck to the inside surface . 
also do n't wash with anything but hot water and a plastic scrubbie . 
use of detergent will ruin the surface . 
i was prepared for that . 
but my pot arrived looking exactly like the picture you see when purchasing . 
if you use one of these often you can expect to be fit . 
it takes the prize for heaviest pot in my collection . 
a good practice with any cookware . 
my 3 bags all had holes in the top . 
luckily the bottoms were closed otherwise thyey would be tubes . 
they hold things and close when you fasten the snap . 
not rocket science . 
i love planet bike products . 
these gloves , though a bit large , are exactly what i like . 
also gives really interesting tan lines . 
maybe label for airsoft , bb , or pellet 
i like the knife it we 'll made very sharp 
but i have trouble sharpening it . 
that 's probably my fault . 
i also think it 's to heavy for an edc . 
but again that 's my issue . 
i realized i prefer small lightweight knives to carry . 
i really like this peddleand 
i suppose that 's to be expected with the softer metal . 
was kind of hoping the spring would reduce that a bit though . 
the plastic is holding up fine . 
this is by far the best lube you can use on a weapon . 
no need to have anything else . 
probably put 100 - 150 miles on it and runs great still . 
i trimmed it a little to fit my bike 
but it took a lot of work . 
i am traveling much with the car and have it in there . 
when we have a break we use it to heat our food quickly up . 
one liter of water boils in just 4 mins , great . 
what 's to lose ? 
these wick away 
will definitely get him more of these . 
i can see my place markings from at least 40 ft . 
and probably further is used . 
most impressively pleased with this purchase ! ! 
the knife itself looks fantastic ! ! 
strong sturdy construction . 
i say this due to the missing patch of hair on my forearm .   
p   had to test the edge did n't i ...     
stares at hairless forearm    all in all 
no sanding nor dremel required . 
ok , i had this in my amazon basket . 
the price dropped to 389.99 w no tax or shipping . 
as i was inpro the price jumped back to 399.99 . 
389.99 w no tax or shipping . 
i have used uncle sams ' nv platforms for years . 
nv scopes on .50 cal , aviation helmet nv goggles for aviation ops ect . 
the latest generation stuff available.i was very skeptical . 
i could n't afford 5 , 10 , 15 grand or more 
so i gave this a try . 
it had good reviews . 
of course it 's not comparable to what i was provided by gov . 
but i was pleasantly surprised . 
so far it 's well built . 
the night vision works . 
i have no black , dark or void spots whatsoever . 
i bought it for my personal m4 platform in 5.56 . 
the reticle is red on a green field and reticle intensity is adjustable . 
yea baby , eat more meat ! 
most of my shooting is precision shooting and practice . 
i may try to hunt pigs and coyotes at night if it 's legal . 
only with the ir light on . 
too much light reflecting . 
i hope this review helps someone else . 
have fun , be safe , and semper fidelis !   always faithful 
also purchased an 80 lb crossbow string for the 80 lb . 
it 's more powerful than my other 80 lb crossbow . 
also install a red aim laser and a tactical light on it . 
even with all this hardware attached to it 
have used this mat about 6 times so far . 
i ' m very pleased with this mat . 
i would recommend this product . 
these seem to come and go on amazon , and the price fluctuates . 
i ' ve also found reasonably prices alternatives , notably the ez pistol holder . 
i ' m on my fifth cateye strada bike computer . 
two of them ran away with a couple of my bikes . 
that 's another story . 
this seemed to be a problem with contact with the base . 
the easy solution , get a wireless model . 
so far i ' ve been happy 
i up - graded to the wireless version . 
these are very basic patches in a nice portable kit . 
they do the job they are meant for . 
no complaints . 
they work great on my night force holding onto 22 - 250 . 
you will not be disappointed get them before they go up ! 
i bike in boston through all weather . 
since switching to these , none . 
they 're solid . 
others have said they 're heavy - i ' m not sure about that . 
i ' m really strong , so do n't notice . 
like hulk strong . 
great price fast shipping an found it even does more then just the stock . 
it swaps the flash suppressor also . 
very solid tool thanks to reviews 
i did n't buy the cheap 3 dollar one 
it was around 85 psi . 
anything past that is definitely doable , but it would take some effort . 
oh and as far locking the head of the pump , 
this stock fit perfectly and looks great on my ruger 10 22 . 
arrived on time and and at a good price . 
nice trio , works well with my universal gym . 
a good deal . 
bright and offers blinking or steady light via a rubber button switch . 
seems sturdy and well - made . 
access to batteries is via the lens , which snaps on and off . 
i was fully satisfied and believe you probably will be , too . 
aesthetically , this is a very nice water bottle . 
there really is n't much , if any . 
i have another water bottle that is insulated . 
when it 's filled with ice water , i can barely feel the cold . 
after three days , there 's still a smidgen of ice inside . 
not with this water bottle . 
good for setting up a go bag . 
these will keep a couple of magazines ready to go.adjustable for most pistol magazines . 
awesome bug net . 
they fit really well over my grand trunk double hammock and my eno double . 
they feel very durable and the mesh is very fine . 
and i thought the net retained a very little amount of heat . 
its an ok helmet , just not very exciting . 
i ' m upgrading for something more performance oriented and aesthetically pleasing . 
my new favorite color . 
but my new favorite mora for sure . 
this blade looks almost twice as thick as one of my robust moras . 
i will be picking up a force and a black next . 
this one is gon na be going to the woods with me . 
i do n't like the swivel sheath but if i do loose it 
, i should be able to spot it on a moonless night . 
m glad i got a deal 
but i would n't have been dis- appointed paying   27 . 
this is a heavy solid full tang thick piece of steel . 
it is made in south america of german tooling and engineering . 
wow is all i can say . 
this beats the made in china junk any day of the week . 
this is a knife you can beat to death and it still works strong . 
if you wish to have a sight on your home defense shotgun   
many do n't , then this is a great choice . 
my son bought this sight to mount on his new airsoft rifle . 
it is highly accurate according to him . 
he has been having a lot of fun with it . 
he would recommend this product to others . 
i got two of these in the wrong size , normal instead of wrong . 
not amazon 's fault . 
the manufacture marked them both long 
but they were regular length . 
looked nice , but would n't work for me . 
i returned them both and gave up . 
i wear 12 - 12.5 shoes . 
so , i asked my daughter to try them first . 
she wears size 8 , and these fir her perfect . 
she is happy with them , but i will pass buying this brand . 
i switced to the gravity feed from the standard pump action filters . 
i have several pump filters . 
the sawyer is a lighter option also . 
hang it from a branch over your pot bottle , walk away . 
it has a swivel open close . 
plus a 1 micron absolute filter ! 
i ' ve used this many times hiking and it always performed as expected . 
easy to pack 
great option to have in the bag . 
a bit of a learning curve , but fairly intuitive . 
i ' m still faster from the belt for whatever reason ... 
delivered under the time frame quoted . 
this puppy is nothing but pure badass . 
it 's one heck of a smacker . 
during the trial . 
like that 'll happen anytime soon . 
this grips are nice and good looking but are nt durable ! 
i use this rail to elevate a small bushnell trophey optical sight . 
these are perfect for the job . 
i love this item . 
this is he first thing i pack . 
the best travel accessory money you will ever spend !   
i ' m surprised l c are the only ones producing 
i bought these for my glock 19 gen 4 . 
i had my doubts when i bought it since it 's a slip on . 
and , everything i thought i 'd hate about it i did . 
it does n't fit on with the large back strap . 
it hangs off a bit with no back strap   small . 
i purchased this muzzlebrake to put on a savage axis i acquired . 
upon installation , it reduced recoil at the very least 60   or better . 
not a high end brake but does the job plenty fine . 
only down side is it is heavy . 
there is a technique to be followed . 
big plus is it does come with a crush washer . 
take your time and you will be happy with results . 
they work well and i will buy them again . 
very pleased with this slide release . 
fit perfectly into my desert eagle 1911 
was n't exactly what i was expecting but still a good mat . 
this is a 3 mm neoprene mat with a polyester top . 
the 1911 image that is printed on the polyester . 
i would give the printed image quality a 7 out of 10 . 
sadly it 's made in china ... 
what is n't these days . 
it 's extremely noisy ! 
tapco did very well with this product . 
i received this in 10 days from outfitter country . 
it came in a padded envelope and wrapped in brown paper via usps . 
i estimate the flame at easily 5   34   on high . 
this belt is almost perfect for concealed carry . 
but it has never actually been an issue with the belt coming loose . 
do n't get me wrong , it 's a great knife with a heavy feel 
so it 's a pretty damn good knife . 
i ' ve thought about possible grinding down the bottom inside part of the blade 
but i 'll get to that later . 
overall for under   20 you can not go wrong . 
oh and the knife came damn sharp right out of the box ! 
great for ruger 10 22 with a 1 inch wide gi style cotton sling . 
the rest of the hardware is great . 
i like to use this fitness and exercise ball to enhance my workouts . 
it 's sufficient for what i need to use it for . 
this bag is not heavy duty ! 
it does , however , carry 2 ars , plenty of magazines and accessories . 
the carry strap is poorly made . 
the comfort pad tore on mine . 
the zipper is fair quality , definitely not heavy duty . 
it is   spalding ,   not   spaldeen . 
, this is a good value for the money . 
i do not understand why people are dissatisfied with this product . 
i am very happy with the product . 
springs do lose their tension over time with a mag that is always loaded . 
bag holds up well and does it 's intended job . 
i ' m satisfied with this bag . 
got the glasses for riding in the dark hours and shooting indoor range . 
the nose piece is hard , not soft . 
it works great for my needs . 
everything fits cozily into this bag . 
i purchased both the brown and the purple . 
the purple is the decidedly more trendy version 
very pleased with this knife . 
fit and finish is excellent . 
it is the only knife i need when outdoors due to it 's versatility . 
it ships with a very sharp edge and holds it very well . 
i going to buy the heavy duty version just to keep around the house . 
at this price you can certainly afford to buy more than one . 
other than this item , i have only had experience with a ten point . 
it was heavy ! 
i definitely prefer this bow . 
no worries about cams or cables . 
great product . 
i have been running stan 's for years now and it 's great . 
i think mountain house pretty much has the dried dehydrated food down pretty well . 
at that time i bet no one particularly cares if something is n't gourmet . 
for m14 dis - assembly , this tool rocks . 
it is just as described . 
i like this spork . 
it 's light weight , strong and useful . 
subject line says it all . 
i would not buy this again . 
it smells really bad . 
it 's probably a good solvent , but ... 
do n't waste your time or effort , 
i mean what do you expect from a   10 holster . 
stitching issues irritating me a bit , but it 's new.for   7 
i can not really complain . 
it 's an undershirt for sweaters . 
it is seldom that i find well made and fully engineered products . 
it is sturdy and will hold more weight than it appears . 
typically of me the tripod worked and worked well . 
m sure it 's there 
but i do not know where 
and furthermore it is so minor 
i ' m sorry for wasting time mentioning it . 
even the seams are perfect . 
each piece fits perfectly and with purpose . 
i am overly pleased with the applications available . 
got this for my wife , and she hates it . 
i use this for my 6x24x50 scope for my 223 . 
works great ! have n't had a problem with it . 
never tried it with any other calibers though . 
i was riding a trek mountain bike with the standard seat . 
one of the reasons i began riding 
and i carry about a 40 lbs . 
however , this is not necessary because it really is pretty simple to install . 
you 're around my weight.overall , 
i ' m very happy with this seat . 
the price is low and the quality is high . 
i highly recommend this seat to anyone traveling long distances . 
for the price , it 's absolutely worth a try . 
the light at the front of my boat was shorted out . 
just removed the bad light and installed this light . 
just works great , 
you 're okay . 
the front of my taurus pt 24 7 compact 9 mm . 
101 40 cal 
and it looks pretty badbutt ! 
these are the best cheap cages around . 
they hold bottles very well and are very durable . 
have many of these and have had no problems . 
substantial capacity , good quality , good price , and no known issues . 
my husband loves it and has used it everyday . 
i assume it could be used in a number of self defense situations.the 
... let me clear this up . 
any rite in the rain refill will work ! 
the different part numbers refer to the 3 different colors of ink they offer . 
black , blue , and red . 
with the tip and the end cap 
straw , dead - man anchor , etc . 
i have one of the new black 3.5   34   
x 5   34   ones with grey paper and 
it just goes so well . 
it comes with a lifetime warranty as well 
so there 's one more reason to get it.get one 
you will not regret it ! 
i like this watch . 
i like to have gizmos at my finger tips like this . 
and i would rather use a lenstatic or baseplate compass than this . 
love the belt . 
fits on top of anything you have on and will seem stationary . 
fits most standard holsters widths , but may be a little tight . 
the clip holders are amazing during target practice . 
i can pop 57 rounds and hold all my mags on the belt alone . 
everything is readjustable it is very convenient . 
i bought a fee pair of these shorts for road biking . 
m 5'10   34   210 lbs and the xl fit me well . 
this is a good trade off between quality and price . 
if you are a recreational biker these will suit you very nicely . 
it should have some larger needles , heavier thread . 
this is far inferior to that . 
the quality of this item is poor , the sizing is ridiculously off ... 
this probably will fit a 12 to 15 year old child . 
i was so unpleasantly surprised with how small the cap is . 
the manufacturing is also poor , yet another junker from china . 
this is a standard tool , nothing fancy but it gets the job done . 
mine works great out of box with no adjusting . 
very happy with my purchase 
got several of these . 
keep one in the car , one in each bag , etc . 
wish shelf life was better . 
get one to try ... 
i think every airgun enthusiast will be happy to have this pellet pen . 
i need to get a couple more for the different pellets i use . 
easy to sharpen carbon steel . 
take care of it , rusts easily . 
grip fills the hand nicely . 
sheath works to carry the knife . 
great utility value . 
this lantern has been a real lifesaver during several power outages where i live . 
vertical stance on a table 
3 of my 4 handguns fit in it nicely . 
the holster part is very adjustable to different weapons . 
i mounted this to a mossberg 590 . 
it broke after 2 shots of 00 buck shot . 
i do not recommend . 
it is now a paperweight . 
this was the only buis i wanted for my ar . 
i used this in the sandbox and it is worth having regardless of cost . 
buying it used on amazon was a nice surprise . 
but it is worth getting jic ! 
this fact make this product totally unusable . 
the product description did say single stack right ? so disappointing . 
this is a simple umbrella with a classic look . 
it has a quality build that 's likely to last a long time . 
i bought this as a joke for a buddy of mine .turns 
out it is made by kbar and is strong and sharp . 
key elements   
this mat stays in one place . 
it 's easy to clean .... 
the only draw back to this strategy is the larger manduka mat is heavier . 
would not fit in the pistol . 
would n't even allow it to close . 
maybe if the barrel is 4 1 2 or 5 inches it might work . 
it is as long as a 44mognum round . 
so be careful . 
i sent mine back . 
use for warmer days while on the mountain , and for motor biking . 
looks good and fits perfectly . 
breathes well ! great product ! 
it has a nice heavy stylish look to it , which i love . 
it 's also the perfect width and length . 
i ' m 
width wise , it allows for great support without being too wide . 
fabrication and construction seems top - notch . 
padding is n't too soft . 
i do n't know how many bolts i put into this case . 
it was alot . 
i recommend this item to all . 
i really like it 
and it is really convient to have in your colection of crossbow supplies 
it is made of a decent steel and easy to sharp . 
this was a christmas gift . 
i needed it for a plus size woman , who needs dressy shirts . 
this fit the bill pretty well . 
i was pleased with the purchase . 
so i need some rise in my cheek rest . 
overall a good product for what it does ! 
i bought some trainers and then i bought these socks for them . 
the trainers were pretty comfortable . 
these socks were so so at best . 
but combined ...     . 
material is cheap . 
the circulation in my left foot around some toe areas was being cut off . 
at first i thought it was the trainers so i changed shoes . 
it was a little better . 
but all during my workout i felt my foot slipping around etc . 
which really is n't good if you 're doing stuff 
like 400 lb leg presses etc . 
also i had better circulation . 
so the problem were n't the trainers , it was the socks . 
as a sock for   performance   these things sucks . 
pretty dissapointing considering it is a easton brand product . 
this product definitly puts a stain on thier brand image . 
bad idea , the darn thing about burst my eardrums ! 
killer loud ! ! 
loud . loud . 
and it is holding the pressure really well . 
great design to just put it into a cup holder on your bike . 
did i mention this thing is loud ? 
do not do it in the house ! 
highly recommend this product ! ! ! 
this seems to work great . 
hope i do n't ever find out how good it is . 
rema tt-02 standard patch kit , at   http    www.amazon.com 
rema - tt-02-standard - patch - kit dp b002co6t7k ref sr_1_3?s cycling 
ie   utf8 
qid   1404452784 sr   1 - 32 . 
i 'll be posting some photos later . 
she loves it , though 
then this sight could be an option . 
great thumb thrust capability and nice gimping on the thumb assist . 
i bought this to exchange out for my bi - pod . 
i have one of these seats and i love it . 
i will have to get another , esp for   20 . 
i thought these kind of seats were   80 , maybe that was 
avenir alloy seat post , silver , 25.4 mm diameternote for grouchy people . 
it is a seat saddle . 
the rails are not oversized . 
got this for my wasr 10 , mounted it in 5 minutes . 
in some cases this thing is even faster than a match . 
the kumunga is the right size for a camp knife . 
these are cheap plastic . 
they will not stand up to a good gun cleaning . 
better off cleaning your teeth with them . 
i probably should have bought the large versus medium . 
otherwise item works exactly as prescribed . 
it 's a water bottle holder and it does it job well . 
what more can i say other than it looks good too . 
it was no where to be found . 
said that he would call fedex and see what the deal was . 
so few companies do these days . 
purchased these to dress up my core15 m4 . 
the colors match perfectly with my other magpul accessories . 
easy install as well 
unlike many other companies   like aimshot   viridian will stand behind their products . 
the discounted prices for veterans and l.e . 
i got it on time . 
it was as advertised . 
i cleaned it , used it , enough said . 
would order again if needed . 
if you are a youngster or a gal these should fit fine . 
it has many option for usage which i liked 
but i probably will not use all of them . 
this seems like a solid idea 
it was stated by d. 
ly that this will filter it . 
i 'll probably buy another in the future . 
mine just arrived and i am pleasantly surprised . 
it 's very light but very sturdy.the handle appears to be very strong . 
would be great for camping supplies as well . 
i put this on my marlin 795 . 
i 'd recommend this product . 
so it could fit in a glove box . 
ok here 's the thing ... 
definitly gives your ak style rifle a slick , professional tacticool look . 
as others have said , it 's an excellent , functional upgrade . 
the seller shipped it out fast , and service is outstanding ! highly recommended . 
good price , made well . 
went on very easy , would recommend to anyone looking . 
will do business again . 
great product , looks great on the gun . 
the best stake for ultra - light camping in areas with firm hard ground . 
but will pull out of soft ground , due to narrow caliber . 
this clip - on holder does exactly what it is supposed to do . 
uncle mike 's is a trusted and respected brand . 
a great little assisted opening knife from our friends at crkt . 
good feeling g-10 scales with oriental letters on both sides . 
great little blade at a decent price . 
the attachment to hold the pump is not very secure . 
other than that it was pretty good . 
too sad i was n't able to use it more than once . 
good equipment quality and fit . 
the ends are sloped and fit nicely onto ar forearm . 
attachment hardware included and worked great with bushmaster carbon lite ar 15 
easy to see and cheap . 
the straps are durable . 
the middle compartment can hold a tent and sleepingbag well . 
you can put your food items . 
poncho , cooking wear in there . 
the larger side pocket is good for water filtration system . 
i recommend this bag for any trekker that prefers durability over weight . 
very well constructed and a great price . 
i have n't had time to try them with my canoe yet 
but i really do n't expect to have any problems . 
like some of the other reviews , you get what you pay for . 
the front glass was canted . 
i will try it at the range and see if it is still ok . 
additionally , this product is an extremely good value for the price . 
my humble opinion . . 
buy with confidence ! 
just got this today directions were good even came in a nice foam box . 
this is the second one of these i purchased . 
i have another brand like this 
but i do n't like it as much . 
i also like this has a shelf 
so you do n't have to stack guns on top of one another . 
but i have seen the same with others.also 
i really do nt see how this would be an issue . 
you have more friction contact from a kydex plastic holster . 
not bad . 
neat trick with the offset bases . 
that way you can go a little forward or back mounting your optics . 
unfortunately the scope that goes with it is not that great . 
barely visible dots on it . 
the pad has gaps along the bottom edge to accommodate drop leg systems . 
just what i needed , works perfectly . 
it is a mora , razor sharp woodworking perfection . 
this is great ! 
i have a fax leather chair and my 4 year old ripped the chair 
and it fixed it . 
super easy to use i would highly recommend it . 
bought multiples of this for the bug out bag and to give friends . 
it is a real gem for the price and functions . 
everyone should have a few of these . 
they ship from overseas . 
very happy with the item for the price and what it does . 
wish i had ordered more , but i will soon . 
great inexpensive gifts for friends . 
they will appreciate the thought . 
the gunslick ar-15 bore guide is of aluminum construction . 
it is cleanly machined , and anodized . 
it was very secure . 
manufacturer must have taken the comment to heart . 
we ' ve been trying out this , our first juno jr . 
video , with our music - loving two year old . 
best sounding dvd 
i ' ve played on my laptop , i think .   
our two year old likes it . 
they could to mention   juno   more often to reinforce the brand . 
upsides   easy to attach and detach from the rocking base . 
light enough that a toddler can move it around themselves.cons   
it needs supervision . 
to be honest i would give it more stars if i could lol . 
and she tried to open the little box . 
she does nt know how to share yet , but what 2year old does . 
i do nt look at it that way 
and i do nt think my 2 year old does too . 
it just a lot of things to play with . 
this makes a great gift for a little one . 
i set it up with my 8 year old and 10 year old nieces . 
between the three of us , we had no trouble getting this set up . 
i glanced at the instructions briefly , but it 's pretty easy . 
i do n't think it has a large educational value ... 
these things are awesome .   
i swear they use to be in a drink when i was younger !   
also , once they shrink , just add more water to them . 
there is no doubt that this one will be a collectors item . 
great quality that is true to the barbie tradition . 
we have no doubt that the grandchild will fall in love with it . 
you can make different vreations with this one set . 
that makes it usable over and over . 
car looks good also . 
at first i hated this game . 
we lost six or seven times before we finally won . 
then i loved this game . 
we won six or seven times before we got bored . 
the toy itself is fun and cool and my son enjoys it . 
it 's a mess . 
it drives me nuts when he takes this toy out to play . 
but this toy is literally a nightmare for clean up . 
i would put color bulbs in my light and flicker it off and on . 
this is a very create and fun idea . 
this item comes with 1,500 orbeez so this is sure to be a hit . 
last christmas this set was all my son wanted   he was 6yrs old . 
he was very excited to receive it and 
a year later it is still in use and still gets his undivided attention . 
this year all he wants is more track for a longer train ride ! 
it is a bit top heavy . 
i believe lionel makes another simpler pe train for youner kids . 
but i think a toddler inside would get hours of use from this ! ! 
it is very well put together and well packaged . 
ideal ages would be boys 6 - 10 . 
gave these as christmas gifts and the little girls all enjoyed playing with them . 
i recommend as a take along toy for the car or restaurants . 
my two year old is a ridiculously huge fan of the bubble guppies . 
he has the other toys like the rock and roll stage . 
this one has probably been the biggest hit so far . 
when i saw this game , i knew my daughter would love it 
and i was right . 
you score points for your progress at each game and for each point 
you get a balloon . 
and i definitely plan on purchasing more of these games . 
this set was a lot of fun for him to construct . 
the instructions are very well written and very easy for him to understand . 
this was a big hit ! ! 
it is played very similarly to the traditional mancala . 
it is very easy to transition from the two player version to the four . 
i would recommend starting with the two player if you have younger kids . 
for older kids , i doubt it would be a problem . 
fairly easy to learn and adds more variety to a great game . 
this is a take it or leave it doll in my opinion . 
i have purchased dolls at the grocery store that were cute and more realistic . 
this baby is cute enough , but not fantastic . 
doc mcstuffins is one of the most popular shows on disney junior . 
the game mode features your little diagnosing each of doc 's toys . 
there is also a little tire swing , and it comes with a tricycle . 
the two people that come with it are so cute also . 
he cracks up everytime 
my son got this gift for his 1st birthday . 
everytime he would push , he would smile and giggle . 
we have it in our kitchen 
i have no idea how this is true . 
i ' ve also had my nieces and nephews over . 
my almost 5 year old niece was able to fit and drive it too . 
such cute shoes . 
my sons love getting sets like this as gifts . 
my sons thought this set was extra cool because of the piranha . 
other than that the buggy seems to be really sturdy . 
my daughter is only 16 months but she is tall for her age . 
her legs are really long and her knees are already hitting the steering wheel . 
requires listening skills , recognition , computation , and movement 
- what more could we ask for ? 
i will give this as a gift for several upcoming bdays ! 
my son loves the backyardigans , and so , he loves this game ! ! 
my grandson loved cracking these geodes open . 
he found something inside each of them in varying qualities . 
he saved all the parts and shared with his brother . 
he had so much fun . 
really enjoyed this activity . 
my granddaughter loved it ! 
he played with a friend 's tops once before .   
no such luck . 
and unfortunately for me , he mostly just liked pushing all the buttons . 
my younger kids liked those , too . 
but again , only for a little while . 
and i 'll solve the problem . 
lots of fun . 
great old fashioned toy . 
lots of fun for all .just do n't forget the batteries . 
i bought this tea set for my daughter on her 4th birthday . 
this tea set is a good size and well made . 
i recommend the ages between 4 - 10 years old for this tea set . 
but i finally decided to return it . 
it 's big and roomy   even fit a very small size adult !   
the handle is absolutely not sturdy due to its design . 
if that 's not a problem for you , i recommend it . 
otherwise , stay away from this toy . 
.... on me . 
i got this for my son , but .... i could n't help it ! 
i got the box from amazon ... 
it was so big , i had to open it . 
i saw how big it was i just had to try it . 
it 's awesome . 
i really have to stress , this is much bigger than i thought . 
it 's not rocket science or anything 
it 's a very cool feature though . 
you get my meaning . 
another reviewer mentioned the second so you can race ..... 
i also highly recommend it . 
it 's no fun watching ! ! ! 
does the trick , although i really did n't need it . 
otherwise , it works fine . 
these are great . 
the tops are magnetic . 
i love that the labels are painting on . 
no more dealing with kids pulling stickers off . 
great product . 
my granddaughter loved this set ! 
arrived on time , and was a good christmas gift . 
have given this as a gift before and is well put together . 
i have about the same plastic fruits and veggies in the play house . 
these are for indoors to pretend to go shopping for food and preparing meals . 
sadly i - candy phoebe 's hair is a mess . 
it 's very dry . 
her hair is 3 different colors   dark red , black and green . 
i really think mga could have done without the green . 
the outfit looks more like an old woman 's outfit . 
i like that she has black legs 
the 1st edition is way better . 
i can pass on i - candy . 
she will sit for hours playing with them . 
well that was a least six weeks ago 
for 15 bucks i would say it was worth it ! ! 
bought this for my 7 year old daughter . 
i figured it would be a great kit to start her with sewing . 
i found it a bit too advanced for her . 
i cut an easier pattern for her to start with . 
i do love doing the patterns as our mother daughter time though . 
we bought one of these and my kids played with it . 
so i got another one and now they 're back to playing with it . 
kaylee loves this book she takes very good care of it 
i bought the chantilly lane 12   pete for my best friend . 
it came in new and well packaged condition . 
they shipped so fast and were a joy to work with . 
needless to say would purchase from them again ! 
i purchased this for my grandson . 
he loved it ... 
i even bought a color appropriate for his sister to play cars with him ! 
purchased as a gift for our toddler son who loves putting things in containers . 
seems tough and durable . 
our two kids really loved this game . 
it 's fun for the whole family 
i personally love the leap school series of apps and my kid does too . 
5 stars . 
my husband got a single shot type nerf gun and game for his birthday 
so i ordered this big boy and the next time he did it 
i pulled it out and said 
oh yeah , and went after him lol . 
they are well constructed and a fantastic value . 
i like this one because it came with the suction 
shots and those are my favorite . 
she will nuzzle in to you , eat a carrot , among other things . 
to lay her down requires manual moving of the legs . 
butterscotch can do many things , but it also brings a hefty price tag . 
my son loves this . 
me not so much .... 
i think older kids would get bored fairly quickly . 
and the toy overall just feels    34 cheap   34 
got these for my 4 year old son for christmas . 
he loved them . 
2 of the set leaked the minute we blew them up . 
the seams where not the best . 
he played with them for a while but then lost interest . 
and they take up a lot of space when blown up . 
so you can use them for other things . 
he loves sesame st and elmo and loves this book . 
great purchase for the price . 
my 3.5 yr old daughter just got this for christmas . 
she loves it and is able to easily work it . 
he loved it ! 
her grandparents had just purchased a camper    
we have joined them on several camping trips since . 
she loves pretending that her loving family is going on camping trips , too . 
this toy is durable , detailed    fun ! 
monkey with slingshot arms and it flies with jungle noises . 
we love it . 
pretty cool suprise when you get a monkey to the face ! 
the kids liked it enough . 
i how ever did not . 
although i might soak my own feet in it . 
the little balls just end up making a mess . 
the kids played with it twice . 
it just sits . 
we got this for our grandson who loves music . 
he wants a trumpet but this was relatively close . 
it turns it to the side and uses it as a guitar too . 
that softens the plaster considerably.keep 
i suppose it depends on how much play the assembled dinosaur skeleton will receive . 
i highly recommend this for kids learning rc for the first time . 
the unit itself it highly tolerant of crashes during the learning process . 
the blades do not easily dent or chip . 
i have textured walls and these will stay on them . 
they are adorable , i would recommend them for sure . 
these are durable and the bag is a nice plus .   
seems to be good so far . 
kids enjoy it . 
i should have listened to the reviewers that said this is small . 
this is definitely a cute product , though . 
and i say this after having tried 7 other models . 
and they are easy to control . 
a bit left ' 
... it does n't go ' way too far ' left , etc . 
so , i 'd take durability over slightly better flight characteristics anyday . 
at least , the unit will ' last ' more than one day . 
this is a great set of various dies . 
great for classroom use or making up your own games with . 
i like it but do n't love it . 
my classmates play this sometimes . 
it gets boring at first 
but you will get use it . 
buy it ! 
recommendation   over 7 . 
bye ! ! 
my granddaughter wanted a baby doll cradle and this one measures up ! 
we just changed them after a year and a half . 
this is a fun toy for the 2   age group . 
that kind of thing . 
i would expect them to hold up better . 
but we would expect better quality . 
a good toy that could have been great . 
nice set , good value for the    for legos . 
nice that it comes with three figures . 
the rest stays together pretty well with the technic construction . 
my great nephew , however , did n't really care . 
bought for my gal since she loves princess ! 
but i did nt really see it when she 's playing . 
but i ' m sure she love it as it can keep her occupied ! 
it is a bummer . 
ramp is kind of pointless too . 
it just falls off . 
not one of my favorite playmobil toys . 
tinker toys will always be fun , but they are different now . 
they still serve the same purpose 
but i 'd rather get my kids the   ' real ' tinker toys . 
it 's been a mealtime toy for us and has hit the tile floor 
quite a bit - in 5 months , it has n't needed batteries yet    
it 's not a primary toy that miss toddler plays with every day 
but she enjoys it with great focus when she does play with it . 
this was a gift for my seven year old grand daughter . 
cheap made . 
daughter did nt play with them . 
was nt worth her attention . 
with today computers the kids did nt like these . 
not easy to figure out . 
hive is one of the games that i carry with me when i travel . 
you place tiles in an effort to surround the opponents queen . 
each of the tiles has special movement abilities . 
my very own doctor kit from learning resources is superior to all the others . 
i highly recommend the learning resources educational toys ! 
i received this product at no charge in exchange for my honest review . 
my son loves this kitchen . 
it 's very well built and very sturdy . 
it does take a long time to put together as others mentioned . 
it took us about 3 hours to put the whole thing together . 
i can not rate this because it was not for me . 
i had it sent to my grandchild . 
it was on her wish list . 
my kids were really interested in houses , so this held their interest . 
good for babies because the pieces are large and the handles are large . 
for hunger games fans , this doll is a lovely addition to your set . 
nice remembrance of the movie and books . 
great addition to my daughter 's barbie collection . 
good price . 
so when he saw a my first ariel 
coincidentally the doll looks a lot like him , only vaguely asian   
price.i have to say her hair is a nicer than ariels . 
he did keep getting caught on her weird updo though . 
, it 'll be perfectly straight afterwards . 
and it straightened the crimps from the packaging so that was good 
this is a good doll . 
but it 's really sewn down well . 
my only complaint with this line is the lack of accessories . 
some of the dolls come with    
34 extras   34   and others 
it would have been nice if they included a brush with all of them . 
also , other outfits would be great . 
i purchased gifts that were some sort of activity . 
the kids loved them . 
nice little threading llacing practice . 
great for little hand . 
it was a hit with all the kids 
instead we just have the 8 dolphins floating around the tub . 
these are very well made . 
my grandson sat on the floor and played with these for hours . 
they are very well made , with great colors and details . 
i would buy them again . 
he loved them , and played with them christmas morning . 
great product . 
when this puzzle arrived , we were pleasantly surprised by how big it is . 
the puzzle measures about 5 inches wide by 11 inches tall . 
it is very well made of wood , with detailed illustrations . 
very durable , very detailed . 
my daughter loves this game . 
she is still a little young for it 
but she loves it all the same . 
good colors , washable , and good amount . 
really ca nt go wrong with them if you are looking for markers . 
them being washable is a plus with having a little one around . 
i bought two of the zainy rainbow bandz loom band kit formy two nieces . 
the colors in the kit arereally awesome and unique.thank you . 
i would recommend this product to anyone ! 
it has three   play   modes . 
it will be one of the greatest gifts you can give your child . 
this card game has a few flaws . 
save your money and learn a card game with more variety . 
34   although this toy has good visual interest with the falling bubbles of color 
i found it relaxing like watching a lava lamp . 
this was one tough customer . 
it held its own against all of the other beys the boys have . 
the only bad thing is that the bolt snapped in half . 
this is a great game for three to four people . 
the game components are well designed , artistic , and rugged . 
this is a fantastic toy for any baby . 
the pieces are soft and chewable and i ' ve washed it several times . 
this toy has helped my 18 month old learn her shapes . 
it is really well made . 
i absolutely   lt 3 this slingshot ! ! 
not only is it incredibly sturdy    durable but it is so fun ! 
it seems to be the easiest zooma shot to use 
so it 's great for beginner 's too ! 
the cost is super cheap for what you get and provides hours of fun ! 
my son is addicted to his and 
i ' m planning on purchasing several as christmas gifts ! 
but with series 3 , the company has redeemed itself . 
you can see the difference in the pics alone . 
and most importantly , she comes with her iconic poncho . 
it 's made of a softer , more pliable plastic and fits her perfectly . 
i bought this for my son for his second birthday . 
the size of the cars trucks planes are perfect for toddlers . 
i also love the simplicity of these toys . 
i got this for my 1 1 2 year old this year 
and she really loves it.right now 
it is at 
it 's on 
it 's lowest height   
it adjusts to 3 heights   
and it 's just right for her . 
sometimes she colors while i write on the chalkboard and vice versa . 
the trays remove easily for cleaning . 
it folds nicely and simply for moving around . 
she likes to play around it , under , on etc 
and it 's never fallen or anything ... 
i love it . 
i recommend it . 
get one . 
you will not regret it ! 
your toddler will love this car 
my son loves his percy , thomas and diesel squirters . 
he can now play with his trains in the bathtub . 
which is fun . 
we tried everything we could to stump it but we could n't . 
this thing really breaks the ice and livens things up . 
it 's an amazingly fun game , you will never regret buying it 
that 's for sure ! 
i ' m a big fan of the wooden train sets .   
i probably love them even more than my kids . 
a very clever toy that i really like . 
somehow x just looks a lot cooler to me withought the full armor . 
i ' ve -never- seen her this into anything . 
all of his spots and facial features are sewn in . 
it 's a simple plush with no sound feature or anything extra . 
they 're well - made , perfectly priced and cute collectibles . 
it 's very heavy and i was surprised by the weight and size . 
you need to see them in person . 
i am excited!upon seeing all of these figures in person 
i ' ve purchased more of them ! 
i do n't think i want to take these guys out of the box . 
mainly because i have no where to put them ! 
not to mention they just look awesome in the box already . 
these are not your typical 7   scale figures . 
the marvel select line is massive!i got mine from bigbadtoystore . 
this was a big hit with our five year old granddaughter for her birthday . 
she had it opened up before looking at other gifts ! 
this is great for craft minded children ! 
this toy is really well thought out and put together . 
durable and fits in well with the rest of the series 
this is really a great set ! 
they would play all day if allowed to . 
we got this for my son for his first birthday . 
this is the worlds greatest shape sorter . 
it has a ton of pieces . 
each set of pieces is textured so it matches the texture on the box . 
also the sets for little faces . 
it is great . 
already in he is able to do several of the shapes . 
i am not at all disappointed . 
my daughter realized this after trying to sit few times . 
she stopped attempting to sit now . 
my kids love this drum . 
with this drum a great time is had by all ! 
it is sturdy and holding up well . 
i immediately came to amazon to purchase this refill jug . 
it has lived up to my expectations . 
i will never buy another brand of bubble juice ! 
great gift for a 6 year old . 
i bought this toy for our first son when he was beginning to walk . 
he never used it as a walker . 
not the best thing when they are trying to learn how to walk . 
on the other hand , it has been a great ride - on toy . 
my son is no 2.5 years old and he still loves his car . 
now it 's a 3 port 
so it overlaps several empty outlets if you are using a power 
strip.if you need this 
it 's easy to put together . 
very durable . 
my daughter loves it!it has height adjustments , so it will last a while . 
the boys and i had a great time setting it up . 
i don   
while he totally enjoys them all , he recommends the s107 
g or s111 
g for first time pilots who could then graduate to the cool looking apache s109 
g , the hyperactive s108 g or the unique chinook . 
but they keep on going . 
they are almost as much fun to watch as they are to fly . 
keep 'em coming   
get one , get hooked , and then keep your fleet well maintained ! 
have fun ! 
at my friends daughters 2nd birthday we gave her a step 2 shopping cart 
and then it normally tips over . 
if it is on carpet , the wheels do turn .    
they take up less space than the step 2 did . 
my girls love them . 
these american plastics are n't made as well 
and i will do my best to help you out 
this is nice easel paper . 
it fits fine in our imaginarium easel . 
so oh well . 
overall a good paper but the first of the easel papers 
i ' ve tried so 
i do n't have a lot to compare it to . 
pretty typical results for these sorts of flimsy race tracks.all in all 
, this is n't a top notch toy . 
it 's not particularly exciting or well made 
but it 's also not a total dud either . 
this is a great doll . 
actually perfect . 
but do not spend over 20 dollars for it . 
you can get rollermaze and dance class dolls at walmart for 10 dollars . 
please , do nt spend so much money for this doll . 
these figures are well made . 
no issues with them at all . 
they are great for the    . 
fits with other playsets that are nt disney . 
figures are sized along the line of imaginex figures 
we love love love these ! 
our son is super obsessed with being outside 
so anytime we find something that holds his attention indoors is a blessing . 
buy these for your kiddos ! ! ! 
we bought this for our son when he was six . 
he had no trouble putting it together and loved the ejecting 
think that legos should be able to be played with . 
they 're not much fun to just look at when you 're 6 ! 
my granddaughter loved it and they shipped great an was in very good shape 
i would recommend this sellar and product to everyone . 
so that 's a good thing , but i think most are these days . 
then put it all back together wrap it up and it 's gift ready . 
he 's 1 1 2 now   
i ' m feeling sad , can you give me a hug ?   
is one phrase . 
the originals did this as well 
just got a violet for my new neice , she 's 7 mon . 
i know she 'll enjoy it ! 
this toy is very well - designed . 
the recycle bin can be lifted into the truck on the back . 
the back opens to empty all the recycling out . 
the cab is removable so the figures can be placed in the truck . 
34   a great toy , easily played with by a two year old ! 
my boys both love this ! 
they are 3    2 years old . 
this is a perfect learning scooter and a great way to get them moving . 
not up to the quality of the fisher price little people of my generation . 
come on ! ! ! 
included are four each of six colors . 
they 're very lightweight with hollow bases . 
but i would n't play outside on a windy day with them ! 
kids love it ! 
pieces are sturdy enough that kids can play it for a long while . 
this set is more than just a wrestling ring . 
it 's also a a big of a game for kids . 
inside that box is the winners belt for your action figure to wear . 
i bought this for a pair of sisters . 
neither one of them thought much of it . 
the monster tattoos just do n't stick and they smudge . 
we also bought them an add on pack . 
same thing . 
not one of the faces stayed on the doll 's face intact . 
that was about the only thing we could figure out to do with it ! 
those kids , they love mh , but not this toy . 
other than that , i agree with them . 
one star is being kind , i think ... 
when i was a kid , i had these cards . 
they were big and oversized so that 's what i was expecting . 
she 's learned new colors like chartreuse   which is hilarious because she pronounces   
r   's like w 
's so it 's shawtweuse . 
love the fish shapes and love hearing her holler   go fish . 
my granddaughter has received quite a few of this lego series . 
also bought olivia 's house . 
firstsaw this on tv and purchased for christmas . 
what is more --- the globe smells strongly of plastic . 
love to see the children playing a learning but the noise is sometimes unbearable ! 
these headphones are life savers . 
real necessities ! 
this product is pretty fun and the lighting effects are really neat . 
my 12-year - old daughter 
and i have been enjoying drawing different scenes . 
so that you can draw your scenes easily . 
you need to be a bit careful when putting the dome back on though 
so you do n't smear the drawing as you are locking it into place . 
would ' ve just been nice if the product would ' ve came some . 
we enjoy it . 
i 'd recommend it . 
i guess the picture was a little deceiving but nonetheless the product is great . 
my son loved it ! 
he was very excited to get this toy for his birthday ! ! 
it was a big hit with him and all his guests . 
any walking dead fan - either ardent or casual - will know this zombie . 
this zombie is from the tv series . 
there 's a tiny lever that pushes the zombie forward and back . 
it comes with a mobile phone as well   
he has played with it everyday since . 
i would highly recommend this to anyone ! 
this is a great toy ! 
the closing latch could use a bit of a redesign . 
this camera has been perfect for my kids ! 
we have only found two small problems with the camera . 
play - doh   
it 's been around forever ! ! ! ! 
well , i bought mine at 39 , now it 's 26 .. 
my picks are , in the micro sim card , i shot , about14 
-16 flites .. 
video is great too!rockin rob 
she has never toppled over while walking.she has a sweet , clear voice . 
a few times , i heard her singing a little tune while she walked . 
, i ' m 
okay ... help me stand up ... 
thanks mommy   
i heard that phrase more in try me mode . 
tested    approved by grandmother    18 month old granddaughter.note   
bought this for my daughter 's 6th birthday and she absolutely loves it . 
for the toy to really be fun 
theavengers electronic iron man maskandiron man arc chest light . 
i 'd say   you 'll put someone 's eye out 
but the darts do n't travel that fast and are easily lost . 
the device has cool sounds and flashing lights when you fire it . 
it also has ' tony stark ' not robert downey jr . 
k'nex projects have filled our afternoons for the last several days . 
this is a beautiful set that i am glad lego produced . 
no matter how you do it , get one . 
the building is large and playable , similar to a doll house . 
my daughter loved opening it up and looking at all of the rooms . 
unfortunately the set was plagued with controversy last year . 
is n't it great they can live in harmony.figures   5 5price   
4 5set pieces   
can not fault lego for having it priced at that . 
the final set is a must have ! 
it works great as a display piece or a play set . 
they are old enough to know how to do this . 
i do n't have 1 click turned activated . 
based upon these factors , i then give it my star rating . 
our almost 3 year old loves this little set ! 
if more than 2 children are playing , it can get competitive . 
every other melissa and doug toy we own is made of wood . 
this is going to be my default gift ! 
beautifully and easily . 
excellent product . 
i bought this as a christmass present for my daughter 
so she has n't played with it yet 
but she loves these dolls . 
excellent service . 
we received product very quickly . 
it is a cute toy but a little on the flimsy side . 
definitely recommended for the little ones . 
worth the extra money . 
the graphics and quality of the playing pieces are superb . 
and it is relatively inexpensive . 
a great bargain for anyone who likes cooperative gaming . 
i got this doll for a friend 's daughter who is turning one . 
perfect for snuggling , which is why she is called snuggletime baby . 
adorable gift ! 
the assembly was a bit tedious and the instructions were basically useless . 
the photo on the box provided much more help than the instructions . 
the hyper dash was bought for my preschooler . 
overall the game was fun but had some issues with the different game modes . 
it 's actually smiling . 
and it has three   secure   baby alligators on top . 
it 's not plastic like all the others . 
it 's somewhere in between . 
zero sharp edges . 
it 's soft , but firm , but ... 
i do n't know . 
it 's perfect . 
my grand babies love this ! 
they are 2 yo now 
but they have loved playing with this since at about 9 mo of age . 
very preoccupied with this terrific toy . 
that have lots of toys and our house 
but they still like to sit and play with this one the most . 
these construction trucks are sturdy    just the right size for toddlers . 
he especially loved the cement truck because it    34 spins   34     
he can put small marbles inside    
it makes noise as it turns .   
supervision is required with marbles , of course ! ! ! ! . 
the wheels roll easily    there were no sharp edges . 
my toddler thinks it is pretty cool as well . 
one thing i would note is that the legs are actually green in ours . 
this is a great tool for helping kids learn lacing and shoe tying . 
i played with her a while . 
i did n't think it too exciting , but she was into it . 
i can see kids collecting these little figures . 
are these shockingly stunning ? 
they make an excellent , inexpensive , just because i love you gift ? 
this is suppose to be a great first single blade helicopter . 
well i definitely got a lemon , this copter spent more time on the bench 
i purchased several spare parts in anticipation of some crashes . 
i do not know where to turn for help either . 
this heli will no longer fly 
it completes an entire charge cycle at 30 ft away . 
so we watched a youtube video .   
so you just watch them spin till one stops ? 
why does this guy keep doing it over and over ?   
he questioned . 
spinning tops do n't seem like a battle to him.but 
he 's really into this set with the spinning robots . 
the first time i showed him , he exclaimed   
wow , how do they stand up like that ?   
- there are a number of different robots available that are all very different 
but this means that there are lots of little parts to lose . 
robots seem like durable toys . 
we think it 's much more exciting than the old top style type beyblades ! 
this is coming from someone who loves lotr and mtg . 
my son loved this ! 
you get what you pay for ... 
it was very fun ! 
but did n't last ... 
i would have to say on some point ... 
i have boys ... 
so it 's a huge hit ... 
i have a few of the books   
ok , words do not express enough how fun this game is ! 
i ' ve cried ! 
i love this game ! ! ! 
they could also be stuffed and sewn really easily to decorate just about anything . 
my daughter loves her little people . 
we got this for my daughter for christmas , she loves crafts and jewelry . 
she made everything within a couple of hours ! 
not outstanding in the quality of materials or the realism . 
it is very fuzzy and soft . 
overall , not bad for the price . 
excellent figure but do n't over pay 
this is a very good item ! 
this is a fun , classic german board game ! 
even on the loud setting , it 's not that loud . 
it 's fun to watch the baby reach for it as it rolls around . 
the baby likes the noises and vibrations.the cons ? 
the ball asks questions like   where is the pig ?   
so i do n't see a child being able to , either . 
does n't roll well on carpet unless it 's very flat carpet . 
the birthday girl was really happy 
it 's much better to have the official version rather than the free download . 
cards could always be more alcohol resistant though . 
bought for my 6 yr dtr who is an arts    craft freak . 
the cutter itself is great , safe and easy to use . 
the act of actually placing the paper pieces can be a little unnerving . 
she was getting a little irritated . 
i picked this up because my kids love bubbles . 
i worked nicely and became a favorite . 
it stopped working properly and began clicking and the wheel turned . 
it wasted a lot of bubble fluid also . 
it as lasted me near 7 months now . 
i got this for my 3yr old and he loves are ipad 
tac toe as well . 
and at   12 you will not be annoyed at the price . 
totally worth every penny . 
i ' m annoyed the pen 
is already dried out , but yes , any sharpie will do . 
a great product ! 
i wonder what would be more fun , designing legos or marketing them ? 
two sets from the city series found their way into my cart . 
we bought the first lego city for our youngest daughter nearly 29 years ago   
this version of bop 
it is much more user friendly , not so hard to maneuver . 
it is easy to hold and lightweight . 
the   voice   option adds a new twist . 
it is a lot of fun . 
its compatible with our other little trains . 
set he makes 
my son 's occupational therapist highly recommended this toy . 
he still takes a turn or two.if 
the remo drum w mallet is an extremely durable drum . 
she is now four and has a little brother . 
i have seen the children use the mallets or sticks with the drum . 
i have even seen them stand on the drum . 
a truly memorable gift 
my kids seem to like these better than lego . 
seems sturdy . 
does n't carry much water , but it does surprise a lot of friends . 
this is the most stable of all the dual rotor helos i fly . 
i just hopeit lasts a long time ! 
the new battleship editions are great . 
lastly , there are preprogrammed settings 
the aircraft carrier has two fighters , for example , and they scan . 
the battleship shoots a 3 by 3 area on the board . 
other ships hit three squares or fire torpedoes . 
i like that . 
i wish it would have been a bit different . 
still , it is just a voice.overall , this is great . 
humans prevail or invaders win or next winner gets to be the humans ! 
so much fun here . 
our granddaughter squealed when she opened this package . 
she loves playing with it with the octonauts home . 
this is a good buy . 
a good peg puzzle for our young granddaughter . 
learning gifts are always good . 
the rules are simple   roll the dice and do what they say . 
no score - keeping .   
any age can play.cons    
there 's no real educational value or strategy , just dumb luck .   
chips might get lost over the long haul .   
need at least three people to play . 
i use this bag for my traxxas 8400mah lipo . 
i hope i 'll never have to use the fireproof aspect of this product 
definitely worth the money   
do n't risk a fire or explosion damaging anything ! 
get this bag ! 
i played this game with my nine year old sister . 
let 's get this out of the way   the app is fantastic . 
heck , i have played with it for a few hours ! 
since the app is free , essentially the case is what costs   39 . 
this is essentially an extra shape - matching benefit for younger minds . 
once the case is opened , the ipad can slide right in . 
perfect fit . 
reattach the green piece until the audible click . 
the ipad is very secure and is not going anywhere . 
finally , there 's a cute little handle , perfect for little hands.where 
i think the case misses is in protection for both hardware and software . 
kind of expensive rattle , in my opinion . 
the lack of a screen protector of any kind is also worrying . 
also , the home button blocker is questionable . 
the problem is in execution . 
daddy 's apps , etc . 
the slide button should be a bit bigger , a bit sturdier . 
the app overwhelms any minor design issues.if 
this was okay   
3 plates for dulplo sized blocks.one large rectangle and 2 square plates . 
bigger than what is included in the sets.performs as expected . 
the good   it is a lego pirate ship . 
really , it is big , black , and full of skulls and dread . 
it will take you some time   
this is not a set that you can rush though . 
i would n't really call them   bad   
my biggest quibble is the lack of cannons . 
really , there are 8 portholes and you get 3 cannons ? 
this alone is almost enough to knock off a half of a star . 
here it is december 2010 
and he still plays with it . 
my favorite part as mom is that it folds up and stores nicely . 
my son was absolutely obsessed with oso 
so i had to get him 
he was sooo happy when he opened up the package    
saw special agent oso . 
my eight - year - old granddaughter loves them . 
they also make a great gift . 
however she really enjoys playing with this phone ! 
it 's an easy game and will not take long to play . 
it was adorable . 
then , a couple of days later , she dropped it   
she is only 1.5 years old 
so you would expect that to happen every now and then . 
i replaced the batteries but that had nothing to do with it . 
boy , i like that song ... without any songs in between . 
even worse , it starts talking without us touching it . 
it would be a great toy , if only it worked ! 
when giving 2 stars . 
my 16 month old recieved this for christmas . 
but , that 's it . 
he repeatly takes off the roller coaster loops and the toy is then useless . 
they should have designed the loops better . 
it 's a shame . 
it looks better in the box . 
juiced up some second hand little atvs we had . 
works great . 
charges great and is a really beautiful shade of blue . 
goes great with all the other stuff stuffed in the corner of my garage . 
my three - year old son loves the tools and the toolbox . 
the nuts and washers and bolts are only used part of the time . 
we ' ve had it for about six months and it still looks new . 
he plays with it every day 
and he is not a gentle kid on his toys . 
i love the selection of the colors . 
also , once inflated these balloons last a long time . 
however , they do pop while being inflated . 
my son loves mosaics and numbers . 
and he likes dinos too . 
we have it hanging in his bedroom 
and it looks great . 
i will be purchasing more from this brand . 
i had reservations on this toy , but am happy i bought it 
it is really fun ! 
it is like an update to the old favorite transformers . 
transformers are still loved   however , i do like that these have sound . 
the quality is excellent . 
it is good to have several of them to   race . 
and , these stay in their positions better . 
the head would pop - up etc . 
these vtech switch    go dinos are wonderful . 
i highly recommend    have bought all 4 offered . 
price is in line w   the quality    fun of the toy . 
pleasant surprise . 
it is fun to see them race 
got this one for one of my grandchildren . 
she was able to operate it after getting use to the controls . 
i have always had good luck with fp toys . 
the item arrived in good time and in great shape . 
i know my granddaughter will love it . 
my kids love these toys , and they last forever ... 
love them ! 
i really love to play this game . 
i am trying to add all the expansions to my set . 
the game played most by my family . 
it is a easy and fun game not only for my family 
makes their visits enjoyable 
we play this every night at bedtime and even for his nap times .... 
the music is soft and soothing ... 
my son loves it ! 
it 's fun to hear this flute . 
my grand daughter at 11 2 could play it . 
there can be no honest good reviews for this item . 
it is the cheapest , poorest constructed playset we have ever purchased ! 
common sense must prevail over the useless instructions . 
there are no parts that easily connect . 
actually they do n't seem to connect at all . 
as you put one together 4 more fall off . 
my son still cries because he got frustrated so many times . 
looks good ! 
smells weird . 
just received . 
kids love . 
, she could n't wait to play with them ! 
i remember as a child i loved things like that as does sophia . 
collection!read full review   http    www.closetsamples.com review - octonauts 
this in a creative craft that i had when i was a kid 
and i ' m 70 years old . 
it has been a good learning tool for them . 
my daughter loves this , and it is so simple to entertain her . 
she loves to sit on her horse and watch tv . 
a fun remake of the original . 
seems well made and the toddlers love it . 
doofensmirtz gets in the way .   
i really do n't get the monster high phenomenon , 
what 's there to like about a creepy looking doll ? 
that being said my kids love them . 
she was ecstatic about this doll . 
so i imagine she will enjoy this along with her monster high dolls . 
amazon 's price was almost half of the retail price 
so i was very glad to be able to pick this up for her . 
he 'll love it - all kids love cookie monster and making music . 
a hit with both my grandson    grandpa ! 
she feels like a movie director or something . 
i like the way these were packaged according to sizes . 
this is truly a game for all ages . 
you would be wrong . 
sometimes the most simple item is impossible to guess ! 
you look hilarious with this headband strapped to your forehead . 
it also messes up your perfectly coiffed hair . 
we all got a kick out of that . 
my only regret is not having my camera at the ready . 
oh well .. next time ! 
great figurine of the riddler ! 
in my opinion- by far the best riddler figure out there ! 
its a timeless classic ! 
the box that it comes in is really small . 
the puzzles were fairly easy for my daughter to do 
and i did n't feel that they were challenging enough for her . 
my 4 year old son loves his new   batman house .   
as an added bonus you get the batman car too ! 
the shipping was quick and the product was still secure inside the box . 
keep a look out ! 
they are not 
stays up .- dress is easy to get on and off . 
velcro at back . 
sleeveless , high neck . 
top portion is silky green with purple leopard spots . 
all purple , lots of body and layers to upper back . 
black and soft lime green portions of hair frame her face ... 
small gold   chain   on each . 
striped in purple , yellow , and orange . 
velcro at back and yellow stitching 
top black half is divided from bottom orange half with same raggedy detail . 
shirt rolls up a bit at hem . 
one ringlet descends from front bun . 
remove bottom half of one arm before doing so . 
my daughter only seemed interested in it for a whole 2 mins . 
the reviews here on amazon are the best guide ! 
this is to ensure safety i presume . 
prefert for a car and dino lover 
i have one complaint 
it is simply that gandalf looks strange without his cloak ! 
well worth the price ! 
just what every toddler chef needs for their kitchen . 
pie filling is color matched to the pie sections . 
bread is easy to    34 cut   
shapes , colors , small motor skills . 
great toy . 
what a great price ! 
these markers have been a big hit in our house . 
once these wear out we 'll be back for more ! 
i would not recommend this toy to anybody . 
would rate 1 2 star if that were an option . 
it is highly disappointing . 
we returned ours . 
even our young child was not impressed . 
i feel this is backwards . 
it was fickle . 
sometimes it would turn on , and other times it would not . 
it would work with one set of batteries , but not another . 
it 's an inconvenient size and odd shape for its purpose . 
these are not exactly as pictured . 
they do not have the poky parts to the squish balls . 
several also showed up popped and had to be thrown away . 
kids just want to play with them , and it does n't really work . 
the idea is good , but the design needs some work . 
this little robot is really easy to use . 
it is very simple to operate . 
it has also taken a lot of abuse   ie . 
has been stood on , and dropped . 
it was a great buy . 
great for young or old yoyo - ers . 
it lighting up is an added bonus that i think kids especially would love . 
it is simple and fun . 
play doh 's new sweet shoppe candy cyclone is a huge hit ! 
the licorice presser makes perfect licorice . 
the children even have more fun designing pops with the molds . 
should they take a taste , as there is wheat in play doh . 
great addition to any little girls barbies collection . 
my girls love barbies and these have kept them busy . 
i just wish they where a little cheaper . 
kind of hard to get the pens in and out . 
then the lid sticks inside . 
worth for adults . 
pens dry out to fast , used once and dry in a week . 
the game itself is awesome ! 
the idea behind this game board and design are amazing . 
but the execution is lacking a little.i love the built in timer and flashing screen 
helps keep kids passing the board . 
i love that the board holds all the pieces .   
i also am not a fan of the pop screen to erase motion . 
the guns is great , it does n't get jammed at all . 
only con i would give it is reloading is annoying . 
you have to put in the whole 40 at once 
or it will not fill up all the way . 
recently , i read garbology by edward humes . 
i could n't have read it at a better time . 
its happy colors and turning propeller will fuel his imagination . 
his big brother might even like playing with it . 
this heli is by far the best value for the money . 
it 's incredibly durable and forgiving . 
experienced pilots will like it too . 
it 's low maintenance and fun to fly ! ! ! 
i ' ve wasted a ton of money on expensive rc helicopters . 
they break easy and require a lot of maintenance . 
it 's never happened while she is playing with it . 
i like this adjustable option much better than the ones that do n't adjust . 
he is now 9 .   
the balls themselves are fun for him to play with . 
of course , some of his other little toys end up in there 
but it 's still educational all the same!it 's a very pretty toy . 
i bought these little wooden cookies for my almost 2 year old daughter . 
they are well made and cute , but about the size of a quarter . 
maybe even a little smaller than that . 
i would n't recommend these if your child can not handle very small objects . 
the set comes with 2 instruction manuals and 1 stciker sheet . 
it is a great starter electric car . 
, they 'll be too old to be interested . 
i really recommend getting the expansion with it for that reason . 
i play with my girlfriend and we both absolutely love it . 
too much straight text and hard to look at , never mind focus on . 
once that hurdle is overcome however it 's a pure treat to play . 
this game is pure fun . 
and that was the case here . 
this feeling is just so addicting . 
an awesome game you 'll be extremely happy with . 
my three yr old and 15 mth old love this ! 
i would recommend this to anyone ! 
i have n't had the chalkboard problems like everyone else . 
chalk goes on smooth ! 
they made the holes bigger . 
there is no challenge to this game . 
you can get out every piece easily . 
the winner is determined by whoever goes first . 
he loves playing with them . 
i bought these for the grand - babies ... 
they laughed but the older kids enjoyed them more . 
i think these dolls are amazing . 
the dolls eyes really do look amazing compared to by barbie 's eyes . 
plus i like how they are bigger than most other fashion dolls . 
over all i still give it five stars . 
this is why the 9   rating seems inaccurate to me . 
this is not to say there are not exceptions to this rule . 
the overall k'nex quality is there and the design is fast and fun . 
ok my 18 month old son has a fascination for phones . 
it did help create a little distraction away from my phone . 
he loves buttons and saying hello . 
it keeps him occupied in a store . 
i will say he likes his little leapfrog phone better than this one . 
its a bit more simple . 
i like them both . 
leapfrog rarely disappoints me and this is no different . 
used it extensively and asked to use again later in week . 
worth the money ! 
he makes the two sing and talk to each other . 
we had a great deal of fun playing it . 
it 's a fast - pace game and took a little getting used to . 
i like the muted colors , and he enjoys the colors as well . 
my son drinks   coffee   though and does n't seem to mind . 
overall , a great product ... 
i ' ve already recommended it to others ! 
who knew that 3 dice and some chips could be so much fun ? ! 
this game is wonderful . 
- there 's something slightly hypnotic about it . 
m glad we got this larger size one instead of the smaller size.quality 
this is plastic , but seems well - made and durable . 
it has certainly survived quite a few drops onto the floor . 
my kids seemed to like this product a lot . 
they are 2 and enjoy playing on their own    34 computer   34 . 
i like all the options there are for them !   
music , letter identification , etc . 
this plane is a hit . 
both my 14 month old and 6 year old love it . 
it 's a great bath and beach toy . 
simple , safe fun that allows them to use their imagination ! 
i love that it is eco - friendly and safe . 
we love wooden toys but they are not practical for outside or water play . 
we will be buying more as gifts and more green toys for sure . 
the plane is larger than i expected . 
it dries well we highly recommend . 
my girl loves her pink basketball . 
it fits in the fp grow with me goal rim . 
gave this as a gift to our 36 yo son . 
he even put all the cards in sleeves to protect them . 
great thinking game ! 
i thoroughly enjoyed this puzzle . 
i ' m already looking into buying another design . 
this is perfect for the little grand kids . 
they are always wanting to get into the cupboards and play . 
now i can hide this in there for them to discover . 
it 's colorfuli like it singing colors and 
or that yahtzee could be used as a joker . 
indulgant grammy , who will buy her 2-year old anything he looks at twice . 
he loves puzzles , and these are great for small fingers to work . 
my son   and his daddy   love playing with this toy . 
it keeps him occupied for at least 30 minutes often longer . 
we have the latest version   2009 - 2010   
and it is a very loud toy . 
i wish it had a volume control . 
my hubby works from home 
these small items are the same as the others . 
my 4 year old daughter was so excited to receive this for xmas . 
the dance floor is cool but that is pretty much all it does . 
i also wish that it came with more than one pony . 
i finally figured out that it drained the brand new batteries really fast . 
problem solved . 
we have had great fun with the gelarti design studio . 
the stickers are placed in a round lazy susan like tray 
so you can rotate the stickers as you paint them . 
the paints are very thick and the colors are pretty cool . 
overnight is the best idea 
and then you can stick them anywhere 
and they are very durable . 
you can use the stickers anywhere . 
kids like to decorate their binders and things like that 
and these are perfect . 
i did too 
and i am much older!neat idea with great results . 
the expansion kits vary in price from 12.99 up into the 20.00 range .   
the stickers from this kit that i put on a wall were falling off 
so i put them on a window . 
they look really pretty in the light . 
this toy is really great for young toddlers . 
it 's like a super - sonic version of   animal matching cards .   
but that 's exactly what toddlers love - being 
teamson produces a number of large child toy products like this cabinet . 
great to capture the imagination of youngsters . 
or they can be stood up inside or on the roof as well . 
some of the wall decals are already beginning to peel off the pressboard . 
i have a nephew that loves exploring the outdoors . 
i bought this for him and he loved it . 
great for kids 
bought this for grandson . 
he will love it . 
he likes using the key and the horn . 
we have become almost collectors of the line . 
my sons 3 and 1 bought this truck for their firefighter uncle ! 
love green toys line , go usa ! 
i buy these for my grandson all the time ! 
not only are they helpful in learing all the animals names 
but they 're also good for entertainment in the car or while traveling . 
my daughters ages 8 and 9 love these . 
they are so cute . 
their legs swing freely , heads bobble , and their arms can be twisted . 
just very cute . 
seem very well made and durable . 
they were their favorite toy this christmas ! 
i like the sizes of the critters in the fishbowl over the larger bugs . 
got this today for my 2yr old frozen fanatic . 
there 's no way to attach it or make it stay on better . 
great gift for a toddler . 
considering buying other animals also . 
my kid begged for a trumpet   ? !   
for her 4th birthday . 
no clue where she even found out what a trumpet was . 
it is because this is n't an american toy   
this thing is lightweight and amazingly tough . 
someone designed this thing with the sanity of the parents in mind . 
it actually sounds 
this game will put your noodle to work big time . 
plus it is a lot of fun and challenging . 
the codebreaker has to duplicate the exact colors and positions of the secret code . 
each guess results in feedback narrowing down the possibilities of the code . 
it still is one of my favorites . 
i am a game collector and got hold of advanced mastermind . 
to bad it is so hard to find . 
yet really advanced players should break the code in four to six guesses . 
we resolved the problem using a chess player 's clock . 
if you run out of time you get zero 
points.this game is for people who love to think . 
it is awesome for kids , and will help them develop their logic skills . 
have fun ! 
we have had no issues with rashes when they wear a shirt underneath . 
i enclosed a picture of the chart.hope that helps ! 
these tattoos are really cute 
and i got them to go with my daughter 's hello kitty birthday party . 
i was so excited about them and wore a couple of them . 
these are really cute but be warned that they do not come off easily . 
after 2 days , mine was still going strong . 
i still really liked them and would order them again . 
okay - i gave this to a 4 year old who loves unicorns . 
when i saw it , i thought ,    34 
34   our 4 year loves it too - which is the best test . 
so , i have a 3 and 5 year old . 
it 's well over 100 pounds altogether . 
, it took me over 4 and i was going non stop . 
frame.the good news is , it 's sturdy .. 
it does n't wobble , and it 's heavy 
there were also 2 screw things labeled   
and i honestly could not tell where they were supposed to go , 
so i did n't add them lol 
, this may prove to be an issue later 
but i doubt it.long story short 
it 's well worth the almost 150 . 
i would recommend this to anyone with kids . 
apparently he still enjoys it as well as his 3 year old sister . 
have heard no complaints . seemed sturdy enough and the quality looked good . 
we were satisfied with the tub of lego bricks . 
my 4 grandchildren used them to build free style structures . 
thank you . 
and i love to play hot wheels together 
the tunnel did n't really stay up or attached to the tent 
so we ' ve removed it - 
we ' ve only used it indoors on a carpeted area . 
that way even if it falls over , she will not get hurt . 
otherwise , it 's a nice plaything and keeps her nicely entertained . 
he could not . 
, i feel , could have done a better job in outlining them . 
simple bullet points or a chart would have been helpful . 
8217 t even brought up except for in the example.while the game isn   
universe cyclonus . 
what can be said 
but wow ! ! ! 
this figure is my favorite deluxe class from the classics line by far . 
the robot form is so perfect it is scary 
and you get a targetmaster with him ! ! 
universe cyclonus is a true work of art . 
i had to replace the rotor main blade , and tail wing . 
the only complaint is one of the base   feet   keeps falling out . 
received this helicopter a few weeks ago and provide following observations 1 .   
if you have a question , dealer is of little assistance . 
dealer 's response .....   
34 keep trying   34 . 
well i have    
34 kept trying   34   for 2 weeks now ..... 
no better.2 .   
this unit is built solidly . 
absolutely no complaints . 
i simply ordered a new piece at   6.99 no big deal . 
parts are easily purchased on the net.3 .   
transmitter is basic but for the price , who can complain?4 .   
have not tried flying at a distance yet as it is too cold 
outside.recommend this helicopter for basic flying fun . 
moles themselves do not pop up . 
you are then told to listen for the sound of your particular mole . 
each game , the sound is different . 
yeah ! , 
but this game is great for reflexes , hand eye coordination , etc . 
although it 's even more challenging for him to play audio only . 
it works perfectly.highly recommended ! 
great toy , great sounds bought for my one year grandson 
he loves it . 
i would recommend this toy to anyone . 
she just loves it ! 
this was a gift for a granddaughter who was over the moon with delight . 
if she loves it , then all is well with the world . 
it goes perfect for the kids shopping cart . 
my niece loves it ! 
i remember the   old   simon game from my childhood . 
in this new version , the colors are separated into 4 distinct cubes . 
this is the classic simon that i remember . 
follow and match the color sequence that keeps getting longer and longer .   
yellow    lights off . 
goal is to find the secret cube order . 
you ' ve won when all the cube lights shut off .   
blue    secret color . 
similar to   lights off . 
you ' ve won when all the cubes show same color .   
red    shuffle . 
also comes with the 2 aaa batteries that each cube requires . 
now here is where i have to take off some points . 
they immediately grabbed this game and started playing . 
the first thing we found was that the instructions were not fantastic . 
these kids were readers , but still needed adult intervention to explain the rules . 
once they got the rules down , they played each game one time . 
then they were done . 
that 's it . 
so this is why i give the toy 3 stars . 
5 stars . 
so i just can not recommend this one . 
sorry simon . 
you 're just not   cool   by today 's kids standards . 
legos r just boring . . . 
good for older kids though . 
... if they just wanna build somen n look at it . 
really good for preschoolers .... 
3 to 4 years old . 
i ordered two packs of these and 4 did n't work . 
the ones that did were great . 
so do n't worry if the ' wires ' look disconnected in the ring . 
my kid 's love this toy and want more and more . 
they literally play with this for hours . 
definitely recommend for kid 's who are into playing angry bird ' s. 
this is the best kitchen set i ' ve seen . 
as for the price it is worth every penny . 
very adorable . 
i bought this as a way to annoy the crap outta my husband . 
i sprayed it by the couch and then went upstairs to bed . 
his reply ?   
that damn dog s     somewhere in this house !   
oh man , i had n't laughed like that in a long time . 
this is going to be fun ! 
my 4 year old grandson is pretty typical in that he enjoys coloring . 
i got the pictures out yesterday and showed them to the little guy . 
my daughter is going to be delivering twins within the next week . 
i think the large size helps . 
best game ever ! 
this toy was a big hit in our house . 
the popular chica on sprout in a stuffed animal form is a wonderful idea ! 
my little guy sleeps with chica almost every night ! 
he is made of a nice plush and has held up very well . 
it would have been easier on his hand . 
granddaughter loves this one ! 
she has even started    34 pointing   
34   it at the tv ! 
so , being a german family , i love coo - coo clocks ! 
my mother has one with the little dancers that go around every hour . 
great imagination as a child . 
we got the clock.the hands do n't work ! 
or should i say hand . 
how lame ! 
how 's a kid supposed to learn time from that ! ? 
it just plays a few songs . 
that 's it ! 
it 'll keep a smart kid occupied for about 5 minutes 
you should have made the hands work . 
will not pick up any orbeez from the wood floor , or carpeting . 
epic failure .. just smushed the orbeez into the flooring . 
i am still cleaning up this crap 
the sounds , songs and games are fine . 
it 's cheap too . 
made of good quality material and stand up great . 
goes well with other dinosaurs if you are a collector . 
might buy more of these . 
i ordered this for my son who loves puzzles . 
the images are not painted , rather it is stickers . 
so the sides have started to wear off abit.i expected a better quality product . 
box arrived and were really small in what we thought they would be . 
for 50 pieces to be in there quite a few had to be small . 
he does like those a bit better right now - 
but he 's only 2 . 
at least untill my knees give in . 
good quality and they look authentic . 
she loves them 
reviewers have already gone into great detail about this game . 
i would recommend it if you come across one . 
we found it at a thrift store . 
our daughter loves it ! 
i had lost some of the pieces and undoubtedly some of the money . 
the mechanics of it work well . 
it keeps my little ones attention for at least a little while . 
the stickers are pealing off already after a few weeks of play . 
it 's in a million pieces and does nt even have the stickers attached . 
the instructions were easy to follow . 
after i got it set up tonight for christmas morning 
i was really let down by the quality and size . 
it 's really really a lot smaller than i had anticipated . 
he towers over it . 
he can hardly fit through the openings . 
i am really let down with this toy . 
its not age appropriate 
and i do nt feel its very safe . 
it 's going back asap . 
this bird works fine and my brother loves flying it . 
my daughter love love love the toy story movies . 
so for christmas i got her a buzz and woody . 
well she started doing this everyday and after 2 weeks 
i decide to give her her buzz and woody early . 
i could not be more disappointed with the buzz . 
it does have 3 speak buttons put only 1 of them is english . 
really ! ! ! 
no freaking way . 
so he says about 10 things in english and 20 things in spanish . 
so frustrating for the price . 
the buzz seems well constructed but i can not get by the sound buttons . 
also this buzz does not glow in the dark . 
there are different buzz 's out there . 
we have tried various sorting methods , most recently using tupperware . 
however , this product worked better than all the other things we tried . 
there are six shallow trays which are stackable for storage . 
the trays are a reasonable size to allow for sorting and viewing the pieces . 
overall , this is a great product . 
so far , no trouble with getting the journal to unlock and slide open . 
with monster high decor . 
the instructions are simple , and it requires 3 aa batteries not included . 
thumbs up from the kiddoes . 
its a great game to teach all different skills . 
challenges kids to think and not just go for the easy answers . 
i.e . guns , wheels , rims . 
out of the box , the camelio is easy to start up . 
keep in mind he has a ton of other electronics , 
so that may be why he lost interest . 
my son was able to get online and on twitter with no issues . 
it still is n't terribly slow , just not as fast . 
my lo loved this toy from the beginning . 
she was ill and vomited a few times . 
one of those times , she happened to get sick all over elmo     
i let him air dry and he never worked again ! 
each game is different , even if you play against the same opponent . 
parents be warned   this game is quiet and takes patience . 
older kids might appreciate it more . 
i ended up returning it . 
first - it 's very bulky - folded down    even opened up . 
it 's molded plastic - so it 's gon na be big . 
the plastic legs are huge in comparison to the wood once . 
second - the tray in the middle - 
that 's how it props open . 
they have a 2-sided easel - whiteboard    chalkboard - for   15 . 
i know it says 
the friends series is wonderful . 
i am able to continue to add to them for birthdays and other occasions . 
some many to choose from . 
sturdy enough for a toddler . 
my 3 yr old loves it and plays with it everyday . 
got it along with the captain hook set and jake 's friends . 
i am basing this review based on my daughter 's experiences with this toy . 
, the dog obeys 
her   sit   command best of all . 
so , i figured that this toy would be of keen interest to my daughter.and 
, it was for two days.since 
then it has set around on her dresser . 
i pick it up from time to time and ask if she still wants it 
and she says ,   
yeah .   
the recipient immediately put it together while i helped . 
it was just challenging enough to be fun . 
the picture is beautiful ! 
this is an incredibly difficult game with a lot of replayability . 
bought this solely off of tom vassels review on dice tower.i love this game . 
each player then takes control over their assigned knight of the round table . 
it is a game of calculated risk and controlled chance . 
winning quests earns white swords and losing a quest earns black swords . 
you have to have majority of white swords on the round table to win.great game 
he was hard plastic    i felt it was unsafe for my kiddo . 
we have minion tim though    we love him- 
his skin is more textured than this guy . 
i really thought this was the interactive guy when i ordered it 
but i was wrong 
i guess ? 
they are so much better than buying the plastic bags or boxes ! 
my son loves this toy thank you 
putting together this puzzle was a lot of fun . 
the pieces are thick and fit together well . 
ravensburg always makes the best puzzles . 
at 1000 pieces , it is a challenge , but not too hard . 
i built this for my 4 year old and he loves it . 
he loves spiderman and runs around the house pretending that he 's shooting webs ! 
when he saw the track he was very happy ! 
they only provide a spiderman figure and no villain toy to play with . 
so after a bit , my son went to other toys . 
my daughter really loved the movie so we bought the doll . 
not her favorite stuffed animal but not her least favorite . 
good toy if your kid likes cute monsters . 
it plays.it 's very durable 
got this toy for my daughter for her 1st birthday and she loves it . 
my 9 year old loves legos and kinects 
and he loves angry birds . 
what a great union between the two ! 
this toy claims to be for ages 
five and up 
he 's got all kinds of toys and games and clothes and plushies -- 
i ' m not entirely sure he knows that it 's an app . 
then we called him back in . 
but for young kids , i just do n't see how this can work . 
me and my wife to be love carcassonne . 
so after a lot of games , i began buying some expansions . 
we like all of them . 
they are a fairy and a dragon . 
carcassonne is a great game that just gets better . 
i would recommend it . 
so to find 10 packs for about the same price is a great deal . 
of course , i kept a pair for myself ! 
i played this game when i was a kid and loved it . 
a friend of mine owned it and he had air - conditioning ! 
that 's a big deal in the 1960s 
i do n't remember 
but it definitely was n't this version with high - tech armored warriors . 
the basic game however is the same . 
i was not real crazy about having to place stickers on every playing piece . 
is n't there some factory in china that can do that ? 
it says it 's rated for 8 years old and up 
but i think younger kids could handle it if trained properly . 
the food looks realistic and is made of soft , durable plastic . 
i love that it comes with a basket and bucket . 
my boys have so much fun playing store and kitchen with them . 
our son loves playing with this . 
i highly recommend this card game . 
great fun with lots of friends ! 
i did this puzzle with two boys - one 7 and the other 11 . 
this does need a fairly strong pair of hands . 
so make sure you fold them tightly as you put this one together.construction   
the quality of the puzzle is excellent . 
this is such a fun group game . 
we love playing it anytime we have a crowd . 
great fun for many people ! 
this comes not in an amazon box as all my other shipments did . 
christmas will be no surprise this year 
i am very angry about that ! 
thought i would at least warn other parents so you can keep better watch 
then i did when it gets delivered . 
i think they had too much fun with this haha 
i really enjoy working on these with my 4-year - old . 
they really help expand his attention span and he enjoys it . 
definitely buying more of these ! 
this is really cute ! 
it just traps the balls in the tail 
- i 'll probably have to take it off . 
also , even while the balls are popping around , it turns off ! 
that 's really annoying . 
i almost never write reviews but this was a pretty disappointing buy . 
the mouths are bent out of shape on every single puppet . 
the clothes are almost see trough 
they are so thin . 
but i would have settled for good quality . 
it 's a lot of fun to fly this helicopter . 
they are very realistic and will last a long time . 
well he too loves it ! 
so the kids votes are in great buy ! 
buy this will not be sorry ! 
i ' ve been buying from amazon for a while . 
i got half the parts in a bag that was all jumbled up . 
pretty disappointing . 
packaging was a joke . 
they only sent half the parts shown . 
very disappointed . 
would love to see a pita pocket lunch 2.0 
very well planned game and light hearted with a few twists thrown in . 
always puts us in a great mood when we play it ! 
both wheeljack and dead end   repaint   
i purchased recently . 
some transformers are not always the most sturdy when transformed . 
these are very well designed.pro 's - easy to transform- sturdy- show accurate- 
very articulated for easy posing!- durable paint jobsi 
just love them . 
get them if you are even on the fence . 
you wo nt regret it . 
here we go again . 
another toy re - designed to the point of minimal cost over quality . 
having it as an all - in - one is a good idea . 
however , at least make it good . 
for kids ? 
the door gets caught on the pins on the inside . 
it 's tricky to open . 
second , let 's talk about that light bulb .... 
no , apparently it 's not a regular , small bulb 
you can get at the hardware store . 
you need to mail order a replacement ! 
really ? ? 
third , the light timer . 
the concept itself is good , but poorly executed . 
how about giving the user the ability to shut off the light ? 
you can not ! 
it 's just ridiculous . 
does hasbro think its customers are that incapable ? 
it wastes batteries and light bulbs . 
it is a good introduction to this type of game . 
my granddaughter loves all things barbie and this vacation house is her current favorite . 
it 's girly , fun and low - tech ! 
even grandma can join the fun ! ! 
fun for the 2year old . 
there is n't a way for the guys to stay in place . 
when i was a teenager , i fell in love with   pole position . 
no real cheat codes on this one , 
so , your commando.besides the software , 
you can easily get lost in this game.btw , i love the shifting ... 
i wish my car would do that . 
we bought this toy for our 9 month old for christmas . 
but i can tell he gets frustrated that he can not go forward faster . 
this is a wonderful material for use at home or in preschools . 
can be extended in many ways to maintain interest and teach more advanced skills . 
my daughter received this for her first birthday . 
she could already walk , so we never used that feature . 
she loves to sit on this and be pushed around . 
i think it 's a great purchase for a baby toddler . 
my son had to have this 
and he of course loves it ... 
my son received this for his first birthday , as did his cousin . 
he loves turning it upside down and   fixing   it . 
i would recommend this for any boy ! 
cute doll ! 
if your child loves china on ant farm then this doll is perfect . 
my daughter received this from santa and was thrilled . 
could not find in a store 
so santa was happy that amazon had it . 
i like the extra spaces to add a few things . 
the girls are really getting involved with the chart . 
even the 2 1 2 year old is excited about it . 
i bought this for my great granddaughter for christmas . 
she really enjoyed pushing it around with all her baby dolls . 
very well made . 
my kids were playing with it a few hours ago . 
all of our books have ripped   
but you will not need to replace this system . 
was recommended by many co - woker , s and this product is great . 
it is both the book and the elf included . 
blaze the dragon was the perfect toy for one of my nephews . 
kudos to your organization and keep them coming . 
thank you for this line . 
i bought 12 ! ! ! 
this bear is so soft and cuddly ! 
perfect newborn baby gift or for a young child . 
you will not be disappointed ! 
this is a wonderful addition to my grandson 's set . 
he loves the new little bridge . 
my youngest kids   2    5   love playing with train sets . 
out of the box it is ready to use . 
it also works great with the target train sets . 
those trains run fine on the chuggington track . 
i would buy a set after watching my kids play with this one . 
we snacked one . 
a. time . 
they have been having a blast shooting targets throughout the house . 
the color is not purple , its more of a pink and blue ! 
but he loves it ! ! ! ! 
they were okay 
but they did n't really do it for me , 
even my son would get bored with those games fairly quickly ! 
i was reading reviews on the kindergarden game 
and they were all positive , 
these are great ! 
and i 'd highly recommend it . 
i bought the fisher price little people 's airplane for a christmas gift . 
i know my grandson will love it . 
it 's just adorable and looks very sturdy . 
i would recommend this toy to a friend . 
good bang for your buck . 
my 5 and 1 year old love it . 
any pirate lover will enjoy ! 
these arrived quickly and was well packaged . 
, i thought , was basically the same thing ... not ! ! ! 
i was extremely let down by crayola 's poor quality product . 
it 's basically like invisible ink ! 
, it stains the mat and no amount of wiping will get it off . 
my daughter was so disappointed with this 
do n't waste your money on this epic crayola fail ! 
it 's another big bear -- about 13   tall when seated . 
because i ' 
a jigsaw puzzle fanatic 
this is cute . 
it is obviously plastic and fake flame but it is fun for the kids . 
it is fun for their make - believe time , great for their imaginations . 
m glad i got this for my son . 
he 'll love it . 
i added this to my nerf arsenal and will soon be ready for battle . 
in some ways , it is , if you 're training your 3 y.o . 
for a future career as a grocery store stocking boy girl . 
of course , that 's where the trouble begins . 
but wait , there 's more ! 
that bottle of syrup ? 
, this set if for you . 
my daughter adores this lego series . 
ty quality materials and stitching 
an adorable addition to your collection . 
ages 3   appropriate . 
it 's a good puzzle for a child to complete alone or with friends - 
i wish the box had added stability on the corners . 
great item - highly recommended . 
summary - your kids will have a blast   no 
small steps or power cords will cause it problems . 
a fantastic idea , since they can get knocked over . 
knock - em 
sock - em 
robots part ii ! 
very nice teal color that goes great with the gray . 
i analyze all and think he 's adorable . 
i was introduced to this game by my grandchildren . 
plus , grandma and grandpa can also play along with them . 
as usual , i love the durability of the foods . 
very soft chewy , and definitely a choking hazard . 
the chicken also looks unappealing . 
our set also did n't have the beans included . 
the apple slices are cute     
i think they are my favorite part of this set ! 
i also enjoy the slice of french bread . 
you drop the blocks in and they fall out the bottom . 
that 's it . 
without the various accessories , the blocks do n't hold their attention . 
i bought this for my 17 mo . 
and he loves it . 
this was money well spent . 
it is a fairly large item . 
great deal on this through warehouse deals ! ! 
he loved the fun    
i loved the price ! ! 
can not beat that as everyone wins ! ! !   - 
this is a wonderful , quality instrument set ! 
they are still quality items and are real instruments perfect for any age . 
a great way to get kids into music . 
they will certainly stay busy with this set ! 
i also like the first act band in box bucket sets equally . 
this little pup is a very awesome baby toy ! ! 
all - in - all , this little pup is quite loveable . 
grandson loved this action figure with accessories ! 
he carries it around , like his sister carries around her ponies ! ! ! 
i ' m already luckier than several other ladybug land customers . 
its been almost 2 days and they ' ve grown 
so much.i followed the instructions except for one step so far ... 
so , i actually took off the clear cover of the habitat first . 
be quick though , because you do n't want to lose a ladybug ! 
this allowed the food to stay on the side of the hill . 
16 2014 update   
the larvae have now molted into adorable little ladybugs ! 
nothing else needed to be done . 
its fun . 
its cheap . 
its easy maintenance . 
its been 2 weeks 
and they appear to be alive . 
so far , 11 ladybugs total . 
i ' m happy with my experience . 
company delivered ladybugs as promised . 
ladybugs healthy and fun to watch . 
no problems at all.3 21 2014 update   
the larvae turned into adult ladybugs after 3 weeks of having them . 
everything went an planned , according to the instructions . 
too bad .... 
lots of fun ! 
looks like we 'll need to order more soon ! 
gameright makes some fun games and i love supporting an american made product . 
she loves the story and finding states on the map . 
we seem to get more progress out of looking at an atlas together . 
i used this as a gift for my daughter . 
she loves building things and playing with cars . 
this is the perfect combination . 
the other day she got it out and we started playing with it . 
other than that it 's lots of fun for everyone ! 
my wife 's son played this card game at an after school group . 
i love the design so much . 
he thinks it 's funny that i like this toy so much 
so he humors 
for the most part , it has been fun for the kids . 
this was a great project for my husband and son to do together . 
it does come apart pretty easily 
so i keep finding pieces on the floor . 
but i was told she loved it and played with it all the time . 
my child is a minecraft fanatic and this is his favorite toy . 
it is so soft , he sleeps with it every night 
and it has held up to his rough play too . 
a must - have for a creeper fan ! 
i was so disappointed when these arrived . 
they were much smaller than expected . 
i plan to give these to a bunch of 4 - 7 year olds . 
not to mention how cheap they look . 
i thought for the price i could deal with it . 
these rings not even worth   2 bucks . 
what a waist ! 
i will save my self the headache and trash them . 
you get what you pay for . 
bought for teenagers ' stockings at christmas . 
i am thoroughly unimpressed with the tag junior . 
it 's in the tag junior support section . 
you have to download a 100   megabyte file before you can watch it.if 
what is the purpose of it , then ? 
or , to quote one of the kids ,   no like this ! 
i could tell you that he loved the guitar 
but i ' m sure you already know that . 
i call it baby rock . 
but what impressed me most was how durable this guitar is . 
this little car turned out to be great for a two year old boy . 
he saw and immediately claimed it as his . 
i also think that kids not into cars will love this toy . 
this is a great way to play hangman , especially while in the car ! 
my kids are 3 , 8 , and 9 . 
all there   34   already . 
i think it is well worth the money ! 
the gold used in her jewlery , belt and shoes is a lighter tone . 
more like the moon in a way . 
it 's very pretty her bag is also the best in my opinion . 
unlike like lala 's and frankie 's you can actually put something in it . 
but i have to say this doll has a lot of hair ! 
do n't expect it to be this fine and curly out of the box ! 
the dress fits on the dolls very well 
, i might add.overall , looove this release of her . 
clawdeen is slowly becoming a favorite of mine ! 
many parents rate gifts for their kids - and that 's great . 
but we are grandparents , long - distance at that , 
the material is ok for the ball that it comes with . 
for a first grader she should be proud of her creation . 
the game lets little ones practice counting to 10 . 
in this game instead of dice you have cards with numbers . 
the cards can send you backwards or forwards a certain number of spaces . 
they can also give you aphid tokens . 
aphid tokens are needed at one point to pass some ants on the board . 
for her age , her first game is very impressive ! 
best wishes to her . 
it makes the seat very slippery . 
i love the adult version of sequence 
so i enjoy playing this with the kids . 
great way to learn while having fun ! 
this is a must for youth groups ! 
you get to use your imagination ! 
you 'll have hours of fun with this game ! 
we bought this after seeing it on the today show in summer 2012 . 
this seemed like a great option.when 
we first took the box out , they were both so excited . 
they created , shared , played , laughed and then started over again . 
it is certainly big enough to entertain one or two children for hours . 
thankfully , they were n't important to enjoy these toys . 
he loves it ! 
this is so hard for my daughter to keep having to pump . 
then sometimes it 's hard to get the ink to start blowing . 
this is a very detailed set and again is a few days project . 
and this is another great series of play sets . 
we got this one and the siamese . 
it is adorable . 
ravensburger has the best puzzles . 
their quality of puzzle pieces is felt in every piece you do . 
but enough of a blurb on ravensburger ... 
so it definitely was a bit hit and i would highly recommend it ! 
highly recommend it ! 
a great game of strategy ! 
now i know why science teachers make the big bucks   in finland . 
this is work , man . 
i really like the tag reader and the books . 
my 3yr really enjoyed this book and the games you can play . 
it really surprised me how much she uses it and likes to do it herself 
everyone liked it . 
i ' ve been waiting for this release . 
the print job is very detailed and the headpiece is quite ornamental . 
it does n't bother me that they can not move their head . 
other little kids that visit seem to like the piggy too . 
i highly suggest this toy for the 1 - 2 age range . 
so , much so , i plan to buy it for myself now too . 
purchased this doll stroller for our granddaughter 
kids have great imaginations and this toy let 's them get creative . 
it states age range is from 18 months and up . 
not that you have to be a toddler to play . 
you have this cube with 6 different colors . 
you have 6 sets of colored cards . 
roll the cube and the fun begins . 
my kids loved this game and played a couple hours straight . 
i love that my youngest can understand everything . 
great for positive sibling interactions . 
they did n't argue one time . 
they just enjoyed helping each other finish their turn so they could go next . 
i love the educational benefit and the easy storage pocket the cards . 
they do a lot of that . 
there is a palette of colors that is accessed by picking one button . 
then , you choose your color and   start to draw . 
but not all animations have a good effect with all designs.even 
they got that last year .i 
give it high marks . 
that s what you buy them for . 
i had some minor gripes but lets face it ... 
its not made for me to play with . 
used these as decorations for my son 's pirate theme and guns birthday party . 
they are great and are what i expected . 
but they looked carefully rolled would purchase in future courtesy of bigflysports ... 
these clips are wonderful ! 
there are several neat things about them 1 . 
this is the big benefit for us . 
super fun ! 
we ' ve done some wild things with them so far.3 . 
the clips are sturdy plastic and blend in surprisingly well with the wood . 
but after awhile they do blend in nicely and are n't as noticeable.recommended . 
a two - pack is plenty for our medium - sized layout . 
the stampers have washed up well and not broken either . 
this game really is phenomenal ! ! ! ! 
it 's completely self contained , well constructed and the kids love it ! 
we play it almost every night with our 3yr old twins . 
just no fun that way . 
this kit does make it fun to build things and follow directions . 
i love this game and so do my girls !   
3 and 5   
it 's a fun game that they can play by themselves together . 
the tiles , cards , and dispenser are all very sturdy . 
cute , although a little on the small side for the price . 
extra is always good ... 
this game is 4 games in one . 
they are easy for young children to play and understand . 
i am very happy with this dollhouse . 
not only do my girls love it , i do too ! 
it was very easy to put together . 
my husband put it together and the pieces just snap together . 
it took him about 5 minutes . 
there are a lot of reviews of people complaining about the price . 
prices on amazon fluctuate . 
the legs on the new figures are working much better . 
i must have got faulty ones the first time . 
i got this along with the death star and the millennium falcon . 
the only downside is that r2 does n't protrude up at all 
no stitching problems at all . 
he has an awesome mind and loves playing with it ! 
but it 's still fun 
and we have n't managed to break it yet . 
we received this the other day and have made several snow balls with it . 
easy to use , and seems sturdy . 
defiantly fits its description . 
we ordered this for our 2 year old granddaughter . 
she is always taking everyone 's phone 
so we thought this would be nice for her . 
she really likes it although she is a very busy girl 
and she does n't have a lot of patience to learn the games . 
our biggest disappointment is how expensive the apps are . 
the least expensive one we have seen is   7.50 . 
the ones that it comes with are okay 
but i can see her getting bored with them very quickly . 
my daughter has worked with it more than i have 
so that was a good sign . 
when this shipped to me , it was encased in its own glue . 
it had plastic shrinkwrap around it , but apparently it leaker during shipment . 
thank goodness .i 
thought at first    34 
oh great . 
but that was n't the case . 
the glaze did n't stick very well to the container . 
it was relatively easy to peel off . 
it also had a drain hole which was helpful . 
but , i have a feeling that the interest in this toy is 
short lived   
i am a fan of ravensburger games . 
the quality is usually pretty good   
e.g. , thick cardboard pieces . 
i ' ve lost a spaceship ? ! 
the pieces are well cut and are made from a sturdy material . 
a very good challenge for both adults and juniors . 
nothing came out right , even though we followed the instructions to the letter . 
breaking.thomas himself is motorized and has 3 buttons to push . 
each corresponds to some stop along the way . 
so it gives the illusion that thomas has some animus . 
i bought this for my 6 year old . 
she ca nt stop playing with it as soon as she received it . 
this is her favorite out of all the toys she got for christmas . 
camera features a voice recorder , video recorder and games . 
even my 10 year old enjoys using it . 
it stores many pictures and enough memory for video . 
it has a memory card slot . 
buttons are easy to press . 
wish it came with a protective case too ... over all    amazing product ! 
great and fun toy ! worth it ! 
this puzzle is exactly what i have come to expect from melissa and doug . 
great colors , cute image and well made . 
i would highly recommend . 
they are just too much for a little one . 
my only complaint , chase is supposed to be blue . 
then they were done . 
this works very well on our play table for our grandson . 
we have brio trains with a thomas added recently . 
it was purchased as a gift , so it has n't been used yet 
i think she 'll really like it .. 
simple and easy to play . 
this is a great dollhouse . 
very well built and the natural wood makes it a unisex toy . 
boys like dolls too ! 
small price to pay for such a great toy . 
this lite - brite is a piece of junk ! 
do n't wast your money ! 
even with the sheets sometimes they still fall out ! 
hey , crayola , amazon , or whomever is responsible - get your packages 
straight!!but the frustrations do n't end there . 
m sure this will apply to whatever create2destroy set is ordered . 
the compound has an odd texture after a while , too . 
or else ... 
you know ... 
just not buying this set in the first place . 
these checkers are just right for the homemade checker board my husband made . 
they are great quality and a super nice price . 
read   took over   
there are also    34 option cards   
34   that add extra abilities to your robot.durability   8 
do not leave anywhere that will fluctuate in temperature .   
this goes for any game with cardboard . 
it warps . 
the only downside is that there can be a runaway leader . 
this is an outstanding set ! 
the entire royal family ! ! 
this one was perfect ! ! 
the set is high quality and beautiful . 
there is not one child that would n't love this ! ! 
i would give this set 10 stars if i could ! 
we got this for my daughter when she was around 20 months 
and she liked it right away . 
so glad it 's made like that . 
love these products ! 
i have mixed feelings . 
it looks well made and you can actually play tunes on it . 
he is two now and breaks it out occasionally . 
i would not call this a child safe mallet for a 12 month old . 
if your kid puts things in their mouth , keep this out of reach . 
i love the wooden snails durability . 
they appeal to my waldorf - aspirations .     
my daughter was so excited to play this game when she saw it . 
but , the cooperative aspect of it did n't really appeal to her . 
whatever colors you get , you move that snail . 
basically , we played it once 
mickey mouse clubhousehave all been more popular in our house . 
save your money and get two . 
no worth returning them for the price . 
this is not a ' toy ' per se . 
personally , i think it 's well worth the money and my husband agrees . 
she likes having the option of making the bridge shake , too . 
i play this even without the kids . 
it is fun and brain challenging , but not hard for kids to learn . 
this was a gift for my three year old on her birthday . 
this was   15 more and much more well made . 
very sturdy . 
my 3 year old can play this and i can see it still    
fitting   34   her for another 4 - 5 yearsmy 
only complaint is that the strings seems to loosen fairly easy . 
not a big deal , just thought i should mention 
the app is easy to use and very friendly . 
the longest song length in the paper jamz library is 3 37 min . 
the problem was two fold . 
voice effects on the unit are fun to play with and will entertain everyone . 
many times its just fun listening to songs   mp3 player   and not singing.update 
too bad the belt clip could n't double as a stand for the amp . 
a new irritating quirk has developed on power - up . 
the amp sometime squeals an awful hi - freq tone   not mic feedback . 
the batteries are fully charged .update 
2   after 1 week   
the unit started not turning on immediately when powered on . 
after power cycling for a few minutes , then it starts working ... 
almost ... the device randomly stops playing songs ... 
it 's like it needs a 15 minute warm - up now ... 
my daughter constantly plays with this . 
all 3 kids play with this microwave every single day . 
-   so worth 
the    on this one . 
your kids will love pushing the buttons and watching the objects turn . 
my son loves these miniature duckies . 
he got them when he was 7 , and now he 's 9 . 
the detail is a little sloppy . 
they have a hole in the bottom 
so you can squeeze them . 
they do n't squeak . 
this toy is awesome . 
it kept our kids even up to age 7 busy . 
i would definitely get this again if we had another child . 
my daughter loves this box . 
silly me , i got it thinking it 'd work for the explorer gs 
and it does n't . 
the ones with sound are cute 
but they really are a bit pricey . 
this was abirthday gift for my neice who loves it . 
it takes a little getting used to but is loads of fun . 
i remember the old see n say 
and this one is even better . 
educational as well . 
great buy . 
i was surprised at how much my almost 3 and 5 year old 
both love these . 
the penguins have different expressions , which the kids enjoy . 
my complaint about these is that the paint is coming off . 
the paint started coming off after a couple months of play . 
my kids still love them . 
the balls are great . 
not a single one has collapsed after 5 months of toddler use . 
they overflow . 
so do n't buy just for the convenient hamper . 
eventually came an expansion , another expansion , and another . 
dominion popped out faster than the rabbits in my yard . 
soon our family was bored with it and i knew why . 
over time , it ended up being the same to us . 
, the game outstayed 
it 's welcome . 
it 's not a lot of shuffling like a full deck 
it 's advertised for the four to eight year old group . 
if you already know how to do it , it 's too simple . 
she played with it about five minutes and was done . 
i think for age three to five , it would be perfect . 
it was simple to set up . 
i bought this as a gift for a picky little lady . 
it 's okay and my baby plays with them.but 
it does n't make the funny squeeky noises that i was looking for . 
to be honest , i did n't expect much from this . 
but it even failed to live up to my lacking expectations . 
try finding that locally ... 
anyway , it kept my kids entertained for about a solid 11 seconds . 
we received this item 3 days ago . 
they 're playing with it right now in fact .   
potato head , and a my little pony . 
it really works ! 
did n't send what the picture showed . 
not what i expected . 
surprised it was in a plastic zip lock type of bag 
this one needs another torso and another wig . 
come on mattel , stop being so cheap . 
or they think they lost a piece ... 
love it ! 
great wheels , solid construction , beautiful design    non - toxic to boot . 
we picked this up for our granddaughter and she loves them ! 
the case is not only hard to open but a rather silly design . 
well , just look at the image . 
it 's easy to put a box on a shelf . 
boxes can be stacked one on top of the other . 
a clever parent will use these cards as a launching pad to further learning . 
one card has the child think about creating a breakfast cereal . 
this is a great opportunity to make some granola from scratch . 
following instructions . 
it 's difficult to figure out how to get clothes on    off . 
directions very limited . 
also difficult to discern which goes with which . 
runs great and arrived in great condition ! highly recommended ! 
they love to build their own creations . 
there is a good variety of pieces , and plenty of them . 
34   girls may appreciate buying additional lego people . 
however , this crayola doodle mat does just that . 
this doll is so cute it fills my collection 
she comes with a extra dress and when u dress her in her other dress 
she looks like the old midge ! 
she is a great doll buy her now 
i bought this for my daughter when she was 3 . 
my granddaughter likes the small lego 's and the one brings much joy . 
we practice no weapons and fortunately this one fit the category . 
great for a nautically - themed room 
and it does work ... sort of . 
however , these pieces are not easy to   clipo   together . 
the packaging said this toy was recommended for ages 
i think that 's a bit optimistic . 
they make lovely snow ball to play with . 
kids will enjoy without a doubt . 
great winter activity for them after snow . 
these nanoblock sets are superficially quite similar to lego . 
lego pieces stick to each other quite tightly . 
are especially well - done . 
this is a cute grill for little kids . 
the pieces are large and great on little hands . 
that being said there really is n't much to this toy . 
you have the hotdog and the kabob . 
my little boy is named alex and loves getting products by this company . 
it 's a bright and colorful board . 
it 's sturdy enough for a grown person to use . 
maybe better for a toddler ? 
at that price it 's hard to go too wrong . 
the dinosaurs are made in china . 
it states the dinosaurs are approximately up to 6   34 . 
my kids have many schleich and papo dinosaurs . 
my kids ' papo baby mammoth is about the same size as these dinosaurs 
so i would consider these dinosaurs to be small . 
long.the 12 pack offers a nice assortment of dinosaurs . 
the dinosaurs look identical in modeling and color to those in the product picture . 
just be aware that the dinosaurs are not large . 
she was thrilled with this one especially as it has a princess in it . 
she also loves to watch the movies while playing with them . 
good quality , exactly as advertised , and good delivery service . 
w sound is a wonderful toy that will last for many years   
oh no ... what am i going to do ? 
years it 's going to be stuck in my living room ? 
uy yuy yuy ....    
definitely not worth the price   ... ! 
save your money for something other than this plastic gem . 
my doll has two outfits now . 
her sporty jeans and her fancy dress . 
best dresses doll in my kids room . 
love the glitter ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
finally , there is a non - messy source for glitter ! 
glitter is typically a disaster , and it is typically adored by little girls . 
now they can have the fun and the house can survive ! 
i ' m delighted with the images and the markers . 
really adorable . and mess free . 
my son loved this for his gotcha day gift ... 
we have spent many hours making bracelets and rings ... 
thanks a bunch ! 
this cat has really bizarre eyes that scare the grandchildren . 
they look almost evil . 
we bought this as a white elephant gift . 
we all enjoyed shooting it as people while they were n't looking . 
such fun ! 
you should get one for your next family get together . 
this game was shipped quickly and arrived in great condition . 
we have been very happy with the game and would recommend it to anyone . 
so it was a must have for him for christmas . 
i bought him another one for his birthday . 
my daycare children loves these items and watching the differences in the motion tubes . 
great prices for the pieces . 
like having the different colors 
we got this around 10 months for our son ! 
he had zero interest in it until about 2 months ago . 
he loves it ! 
he loves it so much he plays it over and over 
and it goes everywhere we do . 
i think it is a great toy once they hit 18 months ! 
he got a kick out of watching me do it though . 
so you have to push them together by hand . 
also for some reason our set was missing the extrusion top to the tiki 
the set - up is cute and fairly self - contained for easy storage . 
still i would only recommend for kids that are maybe 5 and up . 
we really enjoy theplay - doh star wars playsetwe have . 
i would recommend that set over this one . 
it 's a little messy if you are n't taking your time 
but it 's very cool . 
we bought this for a gift and got it for a gift . 
it literally created hours of fun . 
between making and then using the markers . 
all the kids loved this from 5 -15 . 
i 'd get this again as a gift . 
my grandson loves to be like his daddy and this was the perfect gift . 
my grandson loves it and he can now be just like daddy ! 
the hardware has great potential , but is not exploited at 100 . 
great price for this toy on amazon .... was more expensive everywhere i looked . 
for the kids who love cops and robbers 
i bought this after a coworker let me borrow his copy . 
the only caveat   
my son loved it . 
good quality and size . 
gave to 4 year old as gift . 
lots of stuff included . 
was exactly like pictured , would recommend for angry bird lovers . 
very cute , sturdy stuffed animal to go with our dora doll . 
looks just like the photo , just like boots from the show . 
great purchase ! 
we love this game ! ! 
we were introduced to it last weekend 
and i could n't wait to buy it ! ! 
my kids ages 10 and 11 and i love it ... 
we can not get enough     so simple , yet interesting how it works ! 
i found this game to be a nice supplement to going over skills . 
i also would not go by age but math level . 
this cat is adorable . 
my 5 year old requested for christmas . 
he loves it . 
i love that it is easy to store . 
great purchase ! 
i have purchased two of these so far , one green and one purple . 
other than that , these are great . 
received these as a gift . 
she counts them every day . 
she is now very strong in counting 1 - 12 . 
i really wish they had more ! 
she has also recently discovered the animals on the reverse side . 
there is so much more to do with these cups . 
this doll house set is cute , and quite sturdy . 
i use it for some tiny stuffed animals that i a quite fond of . 
so they would n't just fall apart . 
this is my husband 's favorite game , ever . 
well , maybe it would be tied with munchkin quest and memoir 44 . 
but , he loves this game . 
it is only cards , but there 's a lot going on 
so it has more of an intense board game feel . 
downside to it being only cards 
so , you want to be extra careful with them 
it has some game play that changes things up and is really fun . 
similar concept to apples to apples . 
i ordered myself a game and one for a good friend of mine . 
i loved this when i saw it and my granddaughter did also . 
she has a few sets of grandparents , so we all take turns ! 
my 2 year old loves his new chuck . 
it has an on off tryme switch on the bottom . 
if chucks doing circles , so is my boy . 
much butt wiggling was also seen   
i just got this game for christmas and everyone loves it . 
two of them plan to buy one of their own ! 
it 's a fun family or friends game . 
it provides lots of laughs and is extremely easy to play . 
the write on wipe off boards and pens work great . 
we 're playing again on new year 's eve with another group . 
i can not wait ! 
this reminds me of my glow worm when i was little . 
it 's super cute and easy for baby to turn on but 
it takes me daughter longer than 5 mins to fall asleep . 
this captain america is by far the worst recarnation , ever . 
and the gun ... omg ... 
the gun ... where is the fun ? 
the roof comes off so you can see inside ... 
and then the roof becomes a boat . 
the steps out the back double as a bed . 
the shower actually pumps water.it comes with 20   stickers to adhere around . 
i do n't like stickers versus plasticized design because they get damaged with water . 
the interchangeable girls are thin cardboard and that 's probably my biggest criticism . 
you can even add one to the doll 's hair . 
with time , i expect these to dwindle away . 
my daughter is going to love this into her teens 
and it will work with her other little dolls and accessories.overall 
, it 's very sturdy and very clever 
my daughter wanted to take the set into the tub on the first day . 
we 'll see how the stickers hold up . 
she really wanted another doll to come with it . 
she has n't stopped playing with it today . 
my 5 year old grandson wanted transformers . 
the bigger ones are to complicated for him . 
this one is perfect for his age 
this product is absolutely horrible ! ! ! 
everything was just one big mess and i would never recommend this to anybody . 
no dolls included is a major problem for this toy . 
so she has her own and loves this toy 
but i am not foreseeing a long life for it . 
and she is enjoying it . 
but the price is just too high for what you get . 
we bought this for 75   off at the end of summer sale . 
it works as a sandbox or a kiddie pool for my kids . 
simple to use and problem free . 
so are in today 's world ... 
this puzzle is typical ravensburger quality in paper and has nice interlocking pieces . 
it is not what i expect from this brand for image quality though . 
and i expect better . 
a key development for their age ! 
lots of food type toys on the market that match it too 
castle panic is tough ! 
not unfair , not unbalanced , just tough . 
while the gameplay is fun , it is also stressful . 
when you finish you may need to play something else to settle back down . 
each letter is presented with a maximum of two sounds . 
t    ' t ' goes   
every letter makes a sound . ' 
t ' goes ' t ' .   
oh that is what that piece is for ! 
i was not sure what the little kitchen aid thing was .... 
now i see it and remember . 
this is a fun set . 
it is very entertaining to kids this age and educational too . 
i recommend it ! 
i received this nerf cyber hoop from bzzagent for free to try as well . 
i love nerf products in general . 
so needless to say , we were excited to try the cyber hoop . 
it was somewhat disappointing though . 
the app refused to work for us . 
i tried so many times and it just would n't work . 
the boys got frustrated and wanted to play without it . 
there is a non - app mode as well that we turned on . 
overall , they had a lot of fun with the hoop . 
it did fall off of the backboard a couple times   
its an easy fix but still kind of annoying . 
other nerf hoop sets are half the price and just as fun . 
maybe as he gets older and can write numbers better , we will revisit . 
i bought this as one of the christmas presents for my infant 8-month old . 
returning was too much of a hassle   we live in hawaii   
so i just cut off one of the antennae . 
i wanted to give my side of this toy . 
my 4 year old thinks this is the greatest thing on earth . 
i make faces of disgust and they love to tease me . 
if you did n't think it was messy .... 
the stuffed dog is adorable and well made . 
i   could n't even get it to stay together ! 
great concept , but poorly executed . 
really big . 
love the sayings . 
my son says he is buzz and zurg is his daddy . 
nice addition to a collection . 
this is a very pretty doll . 
it 's almost impossible to find the original doll . 
but i did find this one at toys 
r us today for   24.99 . 
so i ' m ok with it . 
maybe after the holidays the original one will be out . 
for now i think my daughter will be very pleased with this find . 
my son really liked this track . 
, it 's a lot of fun . 
we were able to run two cars at a time without any problem . 
as other reviewers mentioned though , it is loud . 
very loud . 
this clock does not work well , and i was very disappointed with it . 
these are the basic building blocks . 
144 blocks is a ton . 
such a great deal and of course , they are lego 
so they 're going to be around for my kids and my grandkids ! 
he lost interest after step 10 of the 50 step process . 
i proceeded to step 31 when he started tearing it apart . 
he smashed it to pieces and went on a crying jag . 
i can get a tantrum a lot cheaper than that . 
a piece of junk . 
my two year old has not stopped playing with this ! 
definitely worth the money ! 
great shipping and came just as described . 
i looove how soft they are ! 
my 4 1 2 year old daughter received this for christmas . 
my kids love the microphone and have their own selection of songs to play . 
i got this set for the iron man mini - fig . 
the truck is sturdy , big , and awesome - looking . 
like most lego sets , the little details they put in are amazing . 
the bed of the truck flips up a little 
the face place of his helmet flips up to reveal his face ! 
now that i ' m an adult   sort of ? 
perfect for young children that do n't always stay in the lines . 
the doll    car are a fun addition for the playroom . 
purple car is cute , although the doors do n't open . 
this does n't hinder granddaughters playing with it of course . 
the african american doll is beautiful with stylish shoes    dress . 
so in style   car .   
car fits regular sized - barbie doll . 
recommended for ages 4 through 8 . 
and windows are one row thick instead of the standard two rows . 
the aqua tot trainer is really great ! 
my granddaughter is really enjoying the pool this season ! 
a fabulous deal here on amazon , we paid more but still worth it ! 
got this for my kid sister . 
a basic mini - figure , so price wise 
it is n't too bad . 
my daughter screamed with joy when she saw the box 
and then i did n't see her for two days . 
my daughter 's 
ten .other than that 
i ca nt wait to get them outside this summer and really have some fun 
my grandson really enjoys playing with these . 
would recommend this toy . 
she used them more as chew toys ... as did my dog . 
they are a great way to work on colors , counting and animals . 
it is just as sweet as it looks . 
it was bought for our 5 year old granddaughter . 
she loved it . 
perfect for her baby dolls . 
maybe they ' ve changed it in some way . 
my stainless steel puzzle with the numbers in enamel is approx . 
the booklet can be stored in the pouch along with the game . 
the booklet contains challenges which have you put the numbers in many different orders . 
so , of course we did . 
this is a perfect pick up and go kind of game . 
it is very simple to learn and each game is different . 
you will have a topic , say it is kitchen utensils and appliances . 
but the letter d is taken , so no more 
d words are allowed . 
we usually do n't go that far , we just have fun completing the board 
you can even make up your own topics , it is not that hard . 
a great game website is boardgamegeek . 
you can learn about so many games that you never see in stores . 
less electronics , more games ! ! 
so frustrating . 
barbie can now be a hero ! 
hurray for woman heroes . 
play with our barbies just got that much more exciting . 
maybe he was a bit young for it , but he definitely enjoyed it . 
she has two looms 
it reminded her of candy . 
bought as a gift.very cute . 
grandson thought this was hilarious . 
just starts laughing the moment cookie monster starts eating the cookie . 
very glad i bought it . 
it has a cute little bell chime sound which is nice . 
i did expect this to be bigger though . 
my 30mth old loves this game . 
the four decks of cards are designed to increase literacy skills . 
i love the great way to reinforce learned skills and introduce new ones . 
the best is he does not mind to wait his turn . 
i am buying a copy for my classroom for the literacy center . 
but i do keep hearing ... 
simple assembly for our just turned 12 year old 
but it did take over an hour . 
i like that it took a decent amount of time for this project . 
this could make an awesome halloween birthday cake . 
my two and half year received this as a christmas present . 
they look super cute . 
they are about a thumb length , but super accurate . 
same ones they sell at the disney store but slightly cheaper here . 
very good quality . 
i totally recommend them if you are a fan of he 
movie planes like my kiddo is . 
he loved them . 
can not wait to have his cake so he can play with them . 
this is so cheap . 
it fell apart in less than a week . 
my daughter is not very rough w her toys either . 
well , he loved it . 
they are well made . 
the arena ? 
not so much . cheap crappy plastic . 
as are the rip - chord things . 
, i know , i know . 
the cheap crappy arena - held up brilliantly ! 
the tops ? 
well , they looked battled - but were perfectly fine . 
all the kids enjoyed playing and watching the tournaments . 
some kids have slick moves - like sliding into the arena . 
this was an item on the list a person wanted for a present . 
i had melody bells as a kid and loved them . 
love the bright colors and ease of use . 
every toddler needs these cups ! 
great price , i ' ve order more for gifts . 
this is a good natural dough . 
it has a nice essential oil smell.my 
only complaint is that the product is inconsistent . 
and the other had lumps of flour in the green and the orange . 
they were nt mixed totally smooth . 
i just think that batch was either old , or not mixed well . 
still , no one stopped it from being packaged or sold.so 
i d say poor quality control . 
still , its a fun product.i also wish the colors were sold separately . 
definitely worth a play through , although i question the replayability as time proceeds . 
a good game , overall , and i enjoyed it with my friends . 
it 's just okay . 
not a good gyroscope . 
not a bad one , either . 
thank you , she loves them cuz they are so different , and unique . 
i still need some more so be ready for me to order ! 
thank you , fast delivery , packaged well , and product is well made . 
floating.mini-figs are just excellent . 
luke with new ' wig ' and brush - metal lightsaber handle . 
obi - wan as well has a brush metal lightsaber handle . 
great looking c-3po and r2-d2 figures . 
but it 's not a mini - fig but neat brick built droid.con 
... - luke 's hair seems a bit too long . 
a true min - fig must have a unique sculpt or print pattern.- 
another stormtrooper mini - fig with orange shoulder paltron needed here.overall 
i recommend this set for the young lego builder . 
it has neat figures and a wonderfully designed luke 's landspeeder . 
get one now ! 
wow , this set is full of details and little tiny bits . 
some people may not like that 
but i love every little miniature piece .   
do not play with this on a shag carpet ! 
so we had to split it up as a powder room and bathroom . 
the string is not that good 
love these dolls ! 
they are so dainty , love their articulation options ! move over barbie ... 
there are some new girls in town ! 
first the positive this game is very fun . 
it is a bit more educational   counting and color matching .   
we really like penguin pat at our house . 
you might consider looking at that game before buying this one . 
it is a cute game.enjoy . 
my son just got this for his birthday . 
he had a ball running around to all the targets . 
this game is so much fun ! 
very nicely designed for realistic pretend play . 
burger and toppings and bun lock together . 
surprising fun . 
this was a grab - item during holiday amazon browsing . 
the 4-year - old figured it out quickly , and enjoyed it . 
great for teaching balance , and getting a kid off the sofa . 
i played it myself and it is quite educational . 
to.there are five habitats that the children get to explore . 
they can choose from grasslands , woodlands , ocean , rainforest or arctic . 
scratch and see 
-- the child learns what an animal looks like . 
he scratches the screen to reveal an animal which he must identify .   
feature finder -- the child must match the animal with its feature . 
little tidbits about the habitats and animals are given all along the way . 
i actually found the game play to be quite enjoyable . 
as it did not , i will give it four stars . 
it was like giving them some fun for christmas . 
i purchased this item for my 5-year old daughter . 
the mosaics stick to numbered sheets . 
the sheets are made out of cardboard , so they are very durable . 
but with my help she 's able to work on this 
i 'd purchase this item again . 
well , never has learning new rules been so fun . 
you 're just learning rules . 
which i managed to do 1 turn before the end . 
my 11 year old daughter purchased this with a gift card she received . 
she had really been wanting a bean bag chair . 
got these as a stocking stuffer for my son . 
he loved them . 
they are really bright too , so watch out . 
the only problem is that the elastic finger holders wear out quickly . 
easy to build and fun to play 
if you love the game   puerto rico   
race is very similar to puerto rico in a card game style . 
i have twin boys , who are obsessed with robots . 
this thing is awesome . 
it has a handle , they can take it anywhere . 
it makes faces . 
you can store the learning cards right in the toy in it 's backpack . 
it lights up , sings , plays music . 
plus , they learn . 
has replacement packs and upgrades too . 
recommended!ps- this is cheaper at toysrus or target . 
i prefer wood clacking over animated plastic toys any day of the week ! 
overall , this is an excellent , well - made and adorable toddler toy . 
we got him the bigger set   
the sc-300   last year , as well , and it 's great . 
it makes the whole set into a whole new toy .   
highly recommended toy for 2nd grade and up . 
my family of weirdos just love snap circuits .   
everywhere we went good old freddy was hanging right there . 
she is now 1 and still likes to carry freddy around . 
they love this stuff .... 
and   will i get a car when i turn 16 ? 
because of the first question , methinks the answer to the second 
is   not likely   by default ! 
i bought these for a science camp , even after reading the reviews . 
i figured that i had a 50 50 chance of a hatching . 
i stirred , followed instructions , airated , you name it . 
waste of money . 
whoever invented this is truly a winner , in my mind . 
this inexpensive toy is made of plastic , with a liquid substance inside . 
once activated by bending the plastic a glow emerges . 
though the liquid is toxic , the durable surface takes much beating to break . 
then break ! 
a large hold up for antsy kids ! 
make the night simpler , with a boost of colors , and energy ! 
my daughter loves this   2yo . 
she first encountered one when sleeping over at her cousins house . 
she constantly carried around all the next day and wanted to take it home . 
my almost 3 year old loves doing this puzzle   
we hope her little brother likes puzzles as much as she does ! 
we just gave this to a friend for his 3rd birthday . 
this will be a top gift from our family for this age group . 
i picked this up for my 6-year old son who is crazy for dinosaurs . 
he absolutely loves playing with it . 
best of all , the morphix is made in the usa . 
this is a cool toy and will encourage your child 's creative thinking . 
i recommend . 
overall this is a great little conductor hat . 
i bought these for my boys train themed birthday party . 
they went over very well . 
my 2.5 yr old son is obsessed with sharks . 
we laughed so hard we cried . 
excellent product . 
this kit has everything and anything a little one would need to play doctor . 
the one thing missing is scrubs or a lab coat . 
i really wish it included one . 
that 's why i gave it 4 stars overall . 
the glasses are my favorite part . 
shipped fast , item was packaged nicely and i would buy it again ! 
my daughter loves this toy 
i would buy it again . 
bought this as a christmas present for my grandchildren . 
i had purchased one before and it was a big hit . 
the youngest child playing now is 4 and loves to play the game . 
it is improved making it easier to operate and there are no batteries required . 
i bought this house a year ago for christmas . 
and i must say , for the tons of toys my children   now 
it counts , teaches opposites , and sings songs . 
it 's the best toy purchase i ' ve ever made ! ! 
bought this for my grandson who used it all summer . 
our occupational therapist recommended large crayons to get my son to start scribbling . 
he is still too little to understand that crayons are for coloring and not eating 
but i still think these are the best    34 first crayons   34 . 
they are super thick 
so you wo nt find your little one breaking them in half easily   
i ' m not even sure i could without a lot of effort . 
all the important colors are there and these give a nice grip . 
great gift too . 
these guys are terrible . 
start with ravage - head and front legs 
then you look at his back legs . 
even in the stock photo it looks terrible . 
very awkward tail section that is mostly empty sticks up 
weird.and rumble - my goodness . 
seriously , not to burst anyone 's bubble , but these are lame . 
i can not imagine a kid or adult getting much entertainment from them . 
do n't buy unless it 's like 5 or 6 bucks including shipping . 
as someone else already stated toys 
r us has them for 10.99 
and we all know toys 
us is no bargain , they usually overprice everything by a few bucks . 
she opened the box , and a big smile came on her face . 
she loves it , that s all that matters to me . 
this is such a great toy for little guys . 
there are some small parts but the age is appropiate . 
this made my grandson hours of playing enjoyment . 
he loves to build things and he had so much fun using this . 
this was a great puzzle . 
took us a few hours . 
with handle child can carry it themselves 
the picnic basket is a nice size 5 x 8 with handles . 
i have a cute one . 
my daughter confused this with another similar toy that has lots of storage places . 
.overall score   
light - hearted , relatively fast - paced , and with solid replay value . 
the game requires little explanation as you can tell from the pictures . 
it is a worthy addition to your schooling materials . 
grundy they put out last year . 
but hell , i ' m still waiting on a deluxe clayface 
34 painted   
i got my daughter all the characters to go with her new dreamhouse . 
wonderful magnet toy to use in the car , airplane , or restaurant . 
it is not too huge or heavy making it very portable . 
great little toy . 
my 2 yr old and 4 yr old love it . 
my 6 yr old nephew also loves it- 
so it appeals to a wide age range of little boys . 
my daughter loves this , new bath time favorite ! 
i purchased all of the smaller rescue bot transformers and my son loves them . 
i recommend them highly as well . 
high quality product , though beware , you have to put stickers on it . 
the rush hour games were very popular with my students . 
the game is quite easy to understand . 
there is also a cars rush hour and a train rush hour . 
this game is excellent for students and adults of all ability levels . 
my 1 year old twins love this dog ! 
i love this tote because it was the perfect size for travel . 
packaging was great and looks very exciting . 
this will probably be my 4 year old son 's favorite toy this christmas 
order it and then visit the farmer 's market ! 
this is an entertaining game , good for a group . 
can get very silly or dirty depending on the group that you 're with . 
say anything . 
i would have given it 5 stars if aladdin talked . 
jasmine 's voice is accurate and clear . 
she sings    34 a whole new world   34 
build and destroy ... what kid does n't love that ? 
very fun and cute toy . 
little ones love animals and this one fits the bill nicely . 
we can match animals , sort by size , learn animal names and sounds . 
they have soft edges which is nice ! 
i do like them and my son as well ! 
i would recommend buying them 
he    34 quacks   
34   as he rolls along 
and my kids have been having a blast with him . 
my 8 month old sits and rolls him back and forth . 
my 3 year old runs through the house with him . 
my 5 year old and 7 year old take him for walks , too . 
this think is absolutely aweful ! 
the instructions are nearly impossible to understand . 
i can code software and administer databases . 
i can build robots and service tiny electronics . 
gift for one of my grandchildren . 
they liked the puzzle and we play it often . 
keeps them busy for awhile . 
i bought two of these to be used in the sunday school class . 
everyone loves them including the teacher . 
washable is nice . 
great figure and a ton of accessories to miss and match ur vegeta . 
but other than that a great figure . 
it was smaller then i expected . 
although out grandson liked it and it was easy for him to transform . 
all the pieces stayed together which was nice . 
i love fashion designing . 
the colors were vibrant and the lights lasted throughout the egg hunt . 
the kids also had a great time after the hunt playing with the lights . 
the lights worked well for what we needed . 
best age for use   4 
d   batteries lying around . 
scratch that , no , i do n't recommend - even for that price . 
as expected , it broke in a month 's time.pros - 
you can race two cars at once   if both sides still work - 
it 's fun   for a few minutes cons everything else ... 
basically , this set is cheap plastic and barely snaps together properly . 
m glad he 's playing with it - 
but i thought it was going to be awesome racing fun 
and it is n't.as to the track quality 
, i can not really see this toy going the distance . 
cars that are too tall can not make it under the lift . 
i also know someone who has a tambourine by this maker . 
it is also of excellent quality . 
34 set   34   of remo instead of just the one . 
love this brand of play food items . 
these are so cute . 
please note though , they are small , ike chocolates would be . 
but very well made . 
thank you . 
another melissa and doug winner . 
but they are even better than the mailbox ! 
they are sturdy wood with wooden stamps that attach to the cards with velcro . 
what a darling little walking cart for a little one ! 
i love the rubber   
i think   coated wheels 
overall a super cute toy that should please ! 
surprisingly , the light works very well   
they do not look fake like some of the others i have seen . 
nice size lego plates . 
but that 's lego for ya ... made somewhat cheaply . 
they are lego brand , not an off - brand . 
this was a great bundle    an awesome price . 
this will be a surprise xmas gift for my girls    
i ' m sure they will be excited . 
i ' m looking forward to building with these too ! 
i was expecting only 3 . 
who knows , i ' m not complaining ! 
we got three medium size plates   approx . 
10 by 10 each   two 
green    one 
blue   and one large size   approx . 
15 by 15 in grey . 
it 's true that these do n't cut fabric or hair . 
it 's also true that they barely cut paper ! 
and they sure can cut skin and tongues if you 're not careful . 
and he is using them correctly , holding them straight , etc . 
even i have trouble using them well . 
nice helicopter and it takes some getting used to . 
if i get 10 mins that 's pretty awesome . 
great price ! 
great stocking stuffer ! 
great set for a beginner 
my daughter got this for her third birthday . 
my parents got it 
it took us ages ! 
over 5 hours 
but we did make a couple errors . 
but it was annoying . 
as all other reviewers mentioned this house fits barbies as well . 
my daughter loves to play with it . 
we made food from playdoh to put in the fridge.for the price 
it 's a great toy that will last a while 
this set is holding up very well in my home day care . 
very durable and the kids love it . 
good choice . 
super cute , arrived on time    match very well . 
if you like cards against humanity , this expansion will not disappoint . 
it is awesome . 
fisher - price little people are always a good buy for children . 
good product . 
the plastic pieces do not stay together . 
do something else that 's much more interactive and satisfying with your child . 
this is a fun toy , but honestly , not worth the price . 
this was on my 5 year old 's christmas lego list . 
he uses it every time builds legos . 
such a simple piece but so necessary ! 
it is the foundation for houses , cities and other creations . 
legos are always a good buy ! 
saw this and remember days i spent creating shrink dinks . 
had to get it for a girl that loves her crafts . 
not sure how it worked since it was a present we gave 
but hopefully it was half the fun 
they use to be . 
so was happy to receive them 
this is an excellent first baby doll for your little one . 
very soft and cuddly . 
colors are vibrant , just as shown in the picture . 
the sound quality is very good , but not loud . 
it 's clear . 
the baby giggles and says other nonsensical things . 
very cute . 
fp did a good quality job here . 
worth buying . 
high quality doll with good details . 
got this for my niece for a gift 
and she was so happy to receive this doll . 
she loves the movie and she absolutely loves this doll . 
you will not be disappointed . 
you have to own emmet . 
the collection is not complete without him . 
it really does state his name on his i d badge . 
i would recommend it . 
i gave this to my son for his first birthday . 
he loves it . 
it is really entertaining . 
it.that 's ok , i guess , 
the likeness to scarlet johanson is amazingly accurate . 
i like that there is an alternate head . 
i used it on another black widow figure i have . 
this figure is a must for any one building an avengers movie figure collection . 
it has aliens , goo ,    guts - what 's not to love ? 
this new version is not made like the older slightly larger verion . 
the materials are inferior and it cracks and scratches more easily . 
the components are not identical . 
i took the liberty of taking them apart to verify this . 
it still functions well . 
this is a classic must have toy ! ! 
my two year old plays with this every day . 
we use it to help her learn her 123 's and abc 's also . 
but it is really loud and annoying . 
plus , he loves batman 
so it 's even better . 
great buy ! 
i bought this klip klop arena for my toddler who is 2 years old . 
by the end of my party it was done for . 
my girls love to make habitats for their creatures and this fit the bill . 
but it is amazingly tiny ! 
they love it , but be aware it is small   small parts . 
they sure love these though . 
awesome birthday present . 
lego building is lots of fun and great fine motor coordination ! 
educational way to learn maths , addition , subtraction , multiplication and division . 
you can introduce the kids to fractions as well . 
family time with kids and post dinnertime gaming are also great side benefits . 
kids will surely enjoy the games and learn success failure problem solving strategy formations . 
i am a big believer in role playing board games and abstract board games . 
highly recommend this game ! 
great toy for learning patterns , colors , shapes , etc . 
my son gets so excited with accomplishment when he completes them ! 
great toy at an awesome price ! 
very cute game . 
my daughter loves it . 
she gets such a kick out of the bunnies falling through the holes . 
highly recommended . 
omgosh , our niece loves these crayons . 
she said   wow , look at all those crayons . 
so she kept them nice and neat in the case . 
her mom appreciates that . 
i remember a different version of this farm when i was a kid . 
this one is boring though . 
my one year old is not interested at all . 
total bummer . 
oh well , such is life!in pulling out this game 
even though i say this though you can slow it down   and 
is that it educates and entertains all at the same time . 
this will help keep our innotab charged that my daughter received as a gift . 
i have n't used this yet 
but i am sure it will be a great addition to the innotab . 
this one fit all of the requirements we were looking for . 
the board is very sturdy and easy to hang   via an attached string . 
the dry erase surface works well and cleans easily . 
the kids love the design and colors . 
the only room for improvement is with the stars which are a bit thin . 
this leads to two issues . 
first , they can be difficult to get hold of . 
i love the 1956 rodan design , and this is just spot on ! 
i like how they included the crushable building and the baby rodan . 
this is an amazing figure ! 
she is so adorable ! ! 
her dress is well made and her face is beautiful ! 
her hair is a chore but all dolls with textured hair has this problem ! 
my daughter adores her ! ! 
these are fun . 
so gross . 
i forgot i had them 
and they fell out of a box 
and it scared the poopsies out of me ! 
maybe it 's because he watches me cook 
not cheap , but an incredible value for a toy with lasting appeal . 
highly recommended . 
he loves making it dump thinks 
a wonderful gift ! 
my set may have been different or defective , i do n't know . 
my 2 year old grand daughter loves this piano . 
bright colors , well made , and a nice sound . 
she even sits on it and plays it with her feet . 
it has to be put away when music time is over 
it makes bath time a little easier ! 
wow!i bought this for under   17.00 so shop around . 
ours is not adjustable . 
i bought this for our daughter since she loves   ball ! ! ! 
if we put it outside we will put sand in the base . 
we have had lots of fun so far with this ... 
sure your little one will too.great learning to take turns ! ! ! 
how cute it is ... 
the monkey is a trip to watch once ya get him going . 
despite the seal situation , it is very fun to play with . 
we use this all the time . 
i ' m not sure why others have had problems with it breaking . 
we have had it on our all terrain wagon everywhere we go with it . 
it 's been attached and removed countless times with no trouble at all . 
we do n't even bother to fold it all the way down most times . 
we love it ! 
and i brought this out 
and she had it figured out before she left on sunday . 
she was using the camera and making little stories out of them . 
she was so funny and had us laughing all day . 
i was amazed . 
purchased at request of ours granddaughter . 
- she loves cats and likes this toy.very basic cathouse - kittens are cute . 
this is such a cute set and worth every cent . 
my toddler loved it at 1 and still loves it at 2 . 
even her older sister loves playing with it . 
this is a cute fun toy caterpillar . 
he sings abcs , colors , letter sounds and various children 's songs . 
he pushes the feet some and stops to listen as the caterpillar sings . 
a side note   opheius is the little bug on the caterpillar 's back . 
the caterpillar 's name is alphabet pal . 
also my son 's caterpillar does n't censor any letter . 
the a and the s can be pushed after on another . 
cute fun caterpillar that will grow with your child . 
no , no , no ! 
the clothes are cool 
but here 's my one complaint    
we have other zingo games that are all neat to play . 
this zingo is great for the next stage in child development . 
we currently have the basic picture zingo . 
i bought this as a gift for my 5 year old son . 
he loves it ! 
it came on time and was packaged well . 
thank you so much ! 
what a wonderful toy for the grandkids ! 
they use it inside or outside and have an absolute blast playing with it . 
we inherited a box load of tracks with no trains . 
it was probably a small fortune of tracks . 
we bought this set at k mart for 12 bucks . 
i can not believe amazon is asking 20 ! 
i will be getting bridges and more cars next ! 
our cats enjoy it too ! ... 
but do n't buy it here unless they lower the price . 
i am german and grew up with playmobil . 
i have always loved their toys . 
i just do n't think she is at the right age yet.and 
it looks amazing , but if not played with carefully all that comes off . 
i have always liked f.p . 
she did play with it some but outgrow it fast . 
really cute for a kid that likes to sit and pretend . 
my 2 year old son likes this toy . 
i bought this for one of our granddaughters for easter and she loved it . 
just too cute and pretty harmless ... 
but then i love the little light and realized its so much more portable 
despite a good deal of outside play , the set has held up well . 
this is far too short for a toy for this age range .   
the   follow me   
the pieces have to be matched w   the coordinating pegs . 
i really liked krang and his new skills . 
but as an adult i find it less than satisfying . 
and none wanted to play it a second time . 
my daughter loves this pool . 
so far no issues with this pool . 
m sure she 'll have a great summer with this pool 
why oh why can not you move the limbs of this figure ? 
if you 're looking for a full   action   figure , look elsewhere ... 
i 'd give it 3 stars for playability in that regard . 
this was a great idea . 
yep , they changed something that was nt broke ! 
what s next . 
boo hasbro ... 
he plays with it with his other hot wheels cars . 
the whips have got to go ! 
transformation is fun and a little more complex than many deluxe class transformers . 
i 'll keep this one on display in bulldozer mode . 
this does n't work at all . 
but i could put this outside at high noon 
and it 'll be as still as a parked car . 
booger product , waste of money . 
glad that kids love paint and to color with marker . 
never have i seen my kids so happy for an xmas present ! 
the recommended age is 2 years and up . 
i would say this would be good for 1.5 - 3 year olds . 
perhaps they have an older newer version ? 
neither one has stickers . 
the figures are very durable and i have not experienced paint chipping or anything . 
it has held up exceptionally well.i would highly recommend these puzzles . 
it saves from having to buy both puzzles and wooden figures . 
we will be getting a few more . 
this is probably the most durable and fun toy ever . 
it flies really high and there is no way on earth to break it . 
highly recommended ! 
i have n't played much with it 
then it got shoved under a bed and has been there ever since . 
... if it had we would n't have been able to find the rockets ... 
this was a christmas gift for my 18 month old son . 
easy button feature to have him talk , pose - able arms . 
keeps my little one entertained and the older siblings and husband as well . 
it would be better if you could keep singing mode on longer . 
they are very secure . 
pros   a nice cherry red little car with rolling wheels . 
nice minimalist packaging , just a simple box to open 
and you are ready to play . 
cons   not as carefully trimmed as it could have been at this price point 
headlights look like they could light up , but they do n't . 
i bought it for my babe , she just started play that 
, it 's so so 
, i do n't see she liked it so much . 
sir angus is a favorite after watching the imaginext dvd . 
i really like the quality of the imaginext toys . 
my 3 and 4 year old love it . 
and my 18 month old can play with them also . 
i usually just sing the rest for him myself . 
he spends time each morning playing with this book . 
my grand - daughter loves the gemstones and creating her own design . 
it is hard to explain , but she loves this . 
i recommend . 
the elf is cute , although probably a bit expensive considering what it is . 
original review below . 
they will also send you a sofia and amber doll from royal family collection . 
overall , i ' m happier with the product now . 
to new purchasers - i ' m not sure what version amazon is selling . 
if your child does not know about this toy 
your life will be much happier without this toy . 
buy a loving family dollhouse .. i give that toy 5 stars . 
you are getting a horrible name by relating yourselves to these products . 
in service , richthe original dr . 
games since 1993 
however , it jams all the time .   
and not just our gun , but our friends ' kid 's gun 
as well   
and sometimes when it jams , the bullets get ripped up . 
and the more ripped and messed up 
because it only comes with 6 , which is ridiculous .   
very easy to assemble . 
i just used picture no instructions needed ... pretty straight forward . 
qr code link to video on assembly did n't work but 
like i said it really is n't necessary . 
my son is 2 and loves it . 
took him a day or two to build the confidence to use it 
but now he uses it every chance he gets . 
i am hesitant to use chalk on it because of other reviewer 's comments . 
a cool sleek car . 
i bought him at   3.50 , awesome deal . 
my two youngest really love the imaginext toys . 
castles , knights , ninjas , dragons , dinosaurs 
lots of imaginative play , durable figures and playsets . 
it is very sturdy and should last for a very long time . 
great play for my son . 
he has started to mimic the animal sounds which is quite entertaining to watch ! 
i remember mine when i was little 
but i think mine was larger . 
you need to leave your baby unsupervised for even a minute 
i bought this beautiful little doll for my grand daughter . 
she loves it . 
but it 's too small for the price it 's selling for today . 
read my review on her . 
you can not win . 
this little doll is precious . 
the doll is adorable . 
you will be disappointed when you open the box not your child . 
i bought this for my daughters one year old birthday . 
she 's now 18 months and still loves playing with it . 
yay!it 's a great toy for a great price . 
i bought this for my daughter for christmas . 
she was 10 months then . 
she sat in the chair for a few days and that was it . 
she mostly enjoy playing with the clock and the lamp , while standing up . 
so , it did not serve its purpose as a chair at all . 
it is cute though.updated 
i highly recommend it . 
great for teaching patience and hand eye coordination while following directions . 
the ultimate space saving eye pleasing toddler tolerating toy ! 
plenty of room to play . 
a great little investment . 
worth the money ... especially if tight on space . 
i think it 's ideal for indoor use ... 
it 's so bright and pretty i 'd hate to risk too much sun damage 
but we do haul it to the yard on nice days 
my two year old loves this . 
simply press down a shape is pressed into the play - doh . 
and it 's a hit everywhere ! 
this is a really cute toy my 6 year old loves it . 
my one year old son loves to play with this toy ! 
none the less , it 's a fun , sturdy toy . 
this ball is huge , but is great for an adult . 
i have fun bouncing around with my 5 year old . 
it is fun , great exercize , and she loves racing . 
this little cottage is fantastic . 
it was easy to put together and the quality and detail are amazing . 
we got the extra nursery set and washing machine 
and it really does make it feel complete . 
this is a good toy to teach your child turn - play . 
the quality of the material is okay . 
the size is right , the colors are vibrant , durability is just fine . 
but again , its value comes from its easiness to teach turn - play . 
a little pricey but all similar toys are around this price . 
no , only theirs , as confirmed by one of their techs . 
my son received this as christmas present from grandma . 
it 's a nice toy to grow into and nothing like he has . 
multiple songs and fun sayings . 
will be glad when he can play with it on his own though . 
this bar is just like the original one . 
shipping takes a while 
but you know that up front so just be patient . 
a four star rating because the chicken and turkey are poorly constructed . 
my kids and husband love flinging these around . 
this is great . 
it seems to be made with durable material too . 
not having to stick my hand into a bucket of worms ! 
also , you should see the one who away ... 
the only problem with this size heli is you get one of the 27mhz transmitter 
it will not solve the problem but it will help . 
i ' m happy to say i got a good one this time !    
it flies just fine . 
i was n't really happy with the s113 
g as a replacement even though it is just like the s023 g in appearance 
but , it is so much smaller . 
if this is your first purchase of a rc heli do n't get the s023 
so you do n't hit the ceiling . 
if not you will only keep crashing . 
once the trim is set it flies beautifully . 
i do n't leave the antenna wound up ... 
i let it hang free for good contact with the transmitter.if 
you are a tinker 
then you may want to modify the tail rotor blade . 
it does n't seem to be big enough to give good forward speed . 
it 's worth it . 
bought this for my sons 3rd birthday last week . 
he has played with it nonstop since then . 
i would definitely recommend this for independent play for ages 
3 and up 
we plan on getting a few add on sets for christmas . 
my older kids like to play with it also . 
spent about 3.5 hrs assembling this kit for my 7-yr - old nephew . 
he found it too difficult to put together . 
but he had a hell of a time after it is completed . 
only disappointing part for him was that it could n't move about . 
just a stationary robotic arm . 
shop around . 
well , we will not be buying mega bloks sets again . 
this set is a disaster . 
the pieces are so tiny that they are nearly impossible to put together . 
even the little barbie doll is very small . 
i certainly did n't get that here . 
we love webkinz . 
this is just an addition to the kids collection . 
the stuffed animal is very cute and webkinz is very fun . 
super cute ! 
i bought this for my son johnny-8 and he just loves it ! 
loves everything about the lego movie . 
buy it . 
great game for anyone ! 
my 4 year old gets so frustrated every time she tries to open it 
, she has to call me to do it . 
it 's so skinny 
it 's hard to get the things in and out of it , too . 
it 's very cheap plastic and i guess it 's all about the marketing 
so it looks good . 
but i do n't think i 'd buy this again 
it is a good idea if it was better made . 
get the barn . 
the barn is far more entertaining . 
my son and niece love the music on the bar . 
he wanted to be able to reach it and balance . 
he was determined 
you are to program the robot to travel forward three feet , then reverse . 
he has a mind of his own . 
he walked in circles at first . 
then continued to go forward with no reverse . 
i ' m thinking for 3rd to 5th graders . 
we started off making the dinosaur . 
you have to punch the pieces out of boards . 
not as easy as you might think . 
and some pieces ended up with not so smooth of edges . 
it went in the trash instead of his nightstand as i had envisioned . 
the molds , well , they did n't work so great either . 
the prints looked like blobs . 
at least he got the concept of how molds and fossils are formed . 
excellent as a gift to start a monster high doll collection . 
my 9 year old daughter loved putting the dolls together . 
cheaper than the monster high ones , and you can make 2 complete dolls . 
i bought these in conjunction with some fruit you can cut . 
they are destructible so do n't step on them . 
but they are fun and cheap enough to replace in time . 
my little man goes to a play group . 
we bought one for home . 
he goes to it each and every day . 
it has great sounds , lots of fun lights , and keeps his attention . 
very cute and easy to get on . 
i would recommend to everyone . 
the suede is so soft and the zipper goes up and down easily . 
let me say this is one amazing product . 
and you can take video or record voice without anyone knowing itit 
and i had a blast with it for several hours . 
we recorded everyone , took pictures , videoed , it was great fun . 
we than decided we wanted to download a mission . 
it 's totally up to you . 
i was delighted when a real person answered the phone with no waiting ! 
she was very courteous and knowledgeable . 
within a few minutes we were back on track and completing our first mission . 
my 11 year old granddaughter used the product with ease and loves it . 
amazing product , well worth your money . 
people are overly critical of this puzzle . 
my son is 16 months and loves it . 
best of all it will keep his attention for a solid 15 minutes . 
with toys , however , i must bow before the opinion of experts . 
awesome !   
says one .   
too cool !   
declares the other . 
both kept telling me they could n't wait for halloween   now 
i need to make a doctor dreadful and assistant costume ! 
an adult , i can not say i really get it . 
on the table , the whole thing jiggles as if alive . 
okay , so maybe i do get it . 
we bought this for our daughter when she was 
about 6 - 9 mos old . 
at first all she could do was sit and listen to it . 
as she grew she learned to press the shapes and sing the songs . 
tad was having problems occasionally he would get stuck on a song . 
endlessly looping through the lyrics . 
great beginning game for me 4 yr old . 
she loves it . 
these bands are totally awesome love , love them . 
my grandson really was excited to get the very true to color . 
i am going to double my order next time 
and that is soon . 
- that may something to consider for younger 
i bought this toy to try to encourage my daughter to stand up . 
she never crawled 
this was a terrible choice . 
it is not sturdy enough for children to pull up on it . 
my daughter , who is tiny for her age   now 19 lbs . 
at 1 , topples the toy . 
she does however , love the balls . 
it only gets used when my nieces are over   
they 're 3 and 6 . 
they find this toy engaging for about 5 minutes . 
i 'll be putting it away soon and keeping the balls out . 
but it will not help them stand at all . 
she says bye ! when she closes the door . 
we usually bring the cows or the pigs . 
, i do n't know if you 'll be happy with this . 
the quality of this product is great . 
however , my 9 month young daughter could care less about this toy . 
tommy train jigsaw puzzle ... a fun time for little engineers ! 
and the completed puzzle is a large 17.5 x 12.5 inches . 
fun for them to do again and again ! 
the colorful metal case makes this extra special ! 
my son loves this toy . 
he is now four . 
it is great for a distraction at doctor visits also . 
we tried to fix it , but it was shot . 
he did n't even get to use it . 
my grandson has not yet mastered it , not for lack of trying . 
deceptive advertising , not worth the money . 
got this for our 2 1 2 yr old for christmas b c 
she loves the cartoon ..... 
the pigs will not stand w o 
the stands   
why would you even want the stands off ? 
does n't make sense to me . 
a bit disappointed in the gift . 
my 5 year old grandson decided to try out the team umizoomi umicar . 
he is a fan of the show , as i am . 
he is at the top end of the age suggestion . 
now , i am glad they will not come out . 
this way , they will not get lost ! 
the 3 year old twins are arriving tomorrow . 
it needs 3 aaa . 
great toy , well made . 
i knocked one star off because it 's not in tune . 
but it is still a toy after all so 4 stars.update 2.19.14so 
especially more so because i ' ve played the piano for so many years 
and it 's truly maddening . 
she still has a hard time pounding the balls through the holes . 
it really is a shame because i love hape toys . 
this is a really cute and easy to make tote . 
it just might be . 
at least top 5 in my book . 
i purchased this product for my 18 month old son at christmas . 
i think that might have been a little more fun . 
i have tried several different brands , and ravensburger is by far my favorite . 
do n't be fooled in thinking you ' ve put it together correctly ... 
it would be nice if the bag were resealable . 
regardless , how does this minifigure fare?positives   colorful details- 
she certainly looks the part of an egyptian queen . 
she comes with a snake as an accessory . 
still , a cool figure is a cool figure 
how do historians verify historical events , especially ancient ones ? 
discuss it over dinner tonight ! 
i do n't no 
i would give kudos 
so they let me 
why it took so long 
i hope you are better thank you again 
we bought this for my sons 9th birthday . 
he already has the grand emporium , , fire brigade and green grocer . 
this is a nice addition to his collection . 
he loves building it and seeing all the detail inside . 
i do think it is quite expensive for what it is 
my 4-yr old loves it ! 
he is a massive figure and very durable . 
highly recommended and much lower in cost of then the dc darksied . 
my daughter loves these shoes for her american girl doll . 
it fits perfectly . 
i would definitely buy again . 
this barbie collector holiday doll is all silver and elegance and snowflakes ! 
if she really wants to play with her , then so be it . 
the best thing about 7 wonders is how it scales so well . 
overall very fun ! 
appealing to long - time gamers and beginners alike ! 
when my grand daughter saw this she could n't stop screaming for joy . 
a must for any little girl wanted to have fun as a hairdresser 
this is a great first game for kids . 
another melissa    doug purchase that we are very satisfied with . 
instrument is perfect size for a 4 year old and has a nice tone . 
more like the real thing than a toy . 
very happy with it 
it also has a very endearing face and is very soft . 
we found these at a local high end toy store . 
i just was n't sure how effective it would be at learning . 
we just received the leapfrog leapreader and we love it ! 
this is such an amazing system . 
i we have no prior experience with it , so everything was new . 
the process was quick and easy . 
my son stood there and waited . 
we had the leapreader working in minutes.this is such a fantastic invention . 
there 's so much to do in one small book . 
there are even games to play . 
it 's such an interactive invention ! 
my four year old absolutely   loves   
on one hand it encourages him to learn to hold a pen . 
he gets excited when he holds the pen correctly . 
that takes a bit of time . 
so it 's one of those things 
this is n't a big issue , but it makes it less intuitive . 
not sure how you would get around this problem though . 
he plays with the leapreader a couple times a days . 
leapfrog has done a fantastic job . 
they seem to be a company that cares about their products . 
i still went online and purchased more books ! 
i wish every child had one because it 's a great learning tool . 
this toy keeps my baby 's attention for 20 minutes at a time . 
he has played with it every day since we purchased the item . 
i will say the noise on this toy is annoying , though . 
this potty is sturdy , which is why i gave it 3 stars . 
the splash guard is awful -- the slightest movement and it falls off . 
i would give it 1 - 2 stars if rating it solely for boys . 
you will enjoy hours of tea time and small snacks with your child ! 
i still thought it was okay 
but it was made fairly cheaply . 
this is a great card game . 
my son   10   and daughter   8   have been playing 
this   every couple of months   for a few years now . 
worth it for the little    it cost ! 
every year at work we throw a huge gala holiday party . 
the highlight of the party is the secret santa gifting . 
i decided this year to get bags that everyone could put their gifts in beforehand 
and it would give it a very uniform look . 
can not wait to use it 
m sure it will be a huge hit ! 
this set of toy dinosaurs is a fantastic imagination toy for my nephew . 
sample provided for review 
there is so much to do so many activities . 
my daughter gets bored easily so this toy is wonderful . 
it keeps her busy time and time again . 
some of the things could have been done eaisly during manufacturing . 
but it was well worth it . 
this is a great toy ! 
and i think it will entertain her for a long time . 
the colors are really solid , and the plastic has a little rubber feel . 
the pieces snap just about any direction , and you can make 3d shapes . 
definitely recommend these ! 
etc , this set is perfect . 
they are kid sized and so well made . 
handles are a smooth wood   no chance of splinters in the little hands . 
i see them lasting until he 's too old to use them anymore . 
great value for the price . 
powers add another element to the game . 
prefer apocalypse due to its extreme difficulty and longer game play . 
i am a homeschool mom of 5 . 
it works wonderfully . 
they beg for reading time and never want me to stop reading ! 
this container of thinking putty is huge . 
2 or 3 kids can easily share one container . 
it also lasts a really long time . 
it never gets dried up or weird . 
the lava color is red with gold in it . 
it looks amazing and the kids love it . 
it is very stretchy and easy to work with . 
it also bounces if you roll it up into a ball . 
the tins are very durable , as well . 
the 2 year old enjoys it just as much as the 7 year old . 
it makes for very relaxing story time . 
a fun learning game is hard to find but here it is ! ! ! 
i liked the idea of this 
but when i received it , it was not functioning . 
i did not bother to exchange as it , just returned . 
great buy and great gift ! 
stanley is a hit with my grandson who is 2 yo . 
one of his favorites ! 
he just loves thomas and friends train play sets . 
the toy itself does n't really do much . 
the car goes in the dinosaurs mouth and the toy snaps shut . 
that 's about it . 
it is also very sensitive 
and you have to open it again . 
it 's also not that sturdy . 
my kids love it though 
so i am still glad i bought it . 
this car case was broken when we received it . 
very sad little boy . would not recommend . 
this has easily become their new favorite toy . 
this disc has 2 mouse games and 1 arrow key 
game.it is probably a next level game . 
i would return this if i had bought it at a store 
we have a my little pony fan in this house . 
we loved the eye movement , wings fluttering and all the accessories . 
she glides across the floor easily and her wings sparkle and flutter . 
then , well , we did it again . 
and then again and then once more . 
is n't that all that matters ? 
the product is very detailed . 
my son can spend long time on it . 
and they get very annoying to an adult after a while ! . 
might be better for an older baby   mine is 10 months . 
do n't spend   100 here when it is only   60 in stores . 
it 's unlike any other toy 's music we ' ve ever had . 
it 's very techno , like rave music . 
very nice change .- it 's big ! 
it 's big ! 
be prepared to make 4x4 feet of space for it 
and it will not fold in any way for storage.i 
as soon as i saw the commercial , i knew i wanted it . 
i was more excited about it than my baby was . 
we got it as a gift for her from my husband 's parents . 
i can not even get her to play with it when i try . 
glad i did n't pay for it ! 
a friend gave this to my baby girl . 
the voice is very cute and cheerful . 
it does cut off quickly when not in use to save batteries . 
bop it ! 
smash is very similar only with less options . 
in other bop it ! 
this is a one trick pony . 
i did enjoy the sounds that came from the game , however . 
other than that this game was only average . 
i purchased this for my 6 month old who loves to crawl    stand . 
it will teach your baby new skills all while having fun . 
to start off i want to say i completely agree with trans.collector .    
pretty good figure but not as ultimate as he could have been   perfect ! 
at first i thought his robot mode looked hideous . 
big friggin forearms , and over extended torso . 
but i was spoiled by the rotf leader class optimus . 
it was nothing less than magnificent . 
so i bought one . 
and i love it . 
a little less than the scale of the trailer . 
has six mechtech ports . 
size wise . 
optimus is bigger than a voyager class but smaller than a leader class ... 
there are some missing flames on the cab roof 
very sturdy vehicle mode.nothing falls out of place easy . 
it 's transformation 
is a very unique one . 
as far as optimus primes go . 
i loved it . 
hands on ... love it even more . 
the cons to his transformation is a few parts locks in real tight . 
i ' m nervous as heck 
they 're going to break . 
so beware of the rear cab sides and the backside cab transformation . 
one more thing i wanted to add about his transformation . 
truck to robot ... 
not expert level 3 . 
i would say a solid intermediate 2 . 
it 's really just as easy as the deluxe class bumblebee . 
now the trailer ... that is a pain in the you know what.trailer   
it 's a love hate relationship . 
but i ' m not . 
on the japanese release his trailer had the blue stripe on each side . 
we do n't have that on ours . 
3rd party stickers please ! ! ! ! 
here 's the thing about the japanese release . 
ours is bigger and badder . 
just a ton of mechtech ports . 
its very easy from trailer to armor 
a few panels open and shut done . 
here 's where the cons come it . 
his   wings   snap off way to easy . 
mainly the top wings but the bottom set will do the same as well . 
it has a lot more posability than i thought . 
arms are decently posable . 
leg poseability .... 
definately not a toy for the youngins . 
it 's really an adult per - say   by adult 
i mean careful and responsible , gentle and patient   toy . 
if your kid is really gentle , and patient by all means buy it . 
as for you collectors . 
grab one . 
great piece to add and well worth 60 bucks 
this puppet is awesome . 
my son loves it , our miniature schnauzer is bizarrely attracted to it . 
awesome puppet ! 
we are quite pleased . 
this was perfect . 
my daughter loves it 
so i ' m happy ! 
her son absolutely had to have one for christmas . 
it was a great hit . 
very good quality . 
the bottle seems to be of very good quality as well . 
y o loves it . 
2 1 2 year old and 9 month old love it . 
the 3d puzzles have been around for awhile . 
my kids love this . 
they ' ve been interested in my globe for a year . 
very durable once together . 
hard plastic pieces . 
overall , satisfied . 
both favorites of mine , many old editions of which i own . 
hasbro 's intention was to replicate the earlier release of   sorry !   
even the instruction booklet looks vintage . 
i ' m perhaps a bigot 
i 'd so like to see these classics find a new audience 
sorry !   
much less , a snowman sing - a - ma - jig ! ! 
i love the singing and the jibberish . 
the kids each snagged one and laughed and giggled for hours . 
of course , sleeping with one is not recommended ! 
personally , i think they make adorable stocking stuffers ! 
34   the painting job is cute , too . 
this is great for toddlers who want to practice their manual dexterity . 
i love it for my quiet bag i bring to church . 
cute , cute , cute ! ! 
kids love it 
my niece loves it ! 
cute princesses easy for little hands to hold . 
goes with the castle . 
i wish they had a prince version . 
we purchased this with a mobigo for our 3-year - old daughter . 
she had never played many video games . 
this was a great starter game . 
i love crayola products . 
its all i 'll buy . 
this is a fun version that really feels different from the others . 
the bridge tolls require some serious rethinking of tried and true ttr strategies . 
the astronomical scores that can be racked up also make it very different . 
i thought this would keep him from doing that , and it has n't . 
but he loves the toy and it makes him happy . 
it has alot of buttons and says quite a few different phrases . 
we ' ve had fun with it . 
this one is really cute . 
my girls love playing with these fairies . 
this was perfect for her and she loves playing with it . 
my only complaint is the length is a bit short but it is adorable . 
the board can be easily rotated and fits on a small round coffee table . 
you can even buy scrabble scoring sheets to add to the fun . 
overall , a good way to   upgrade   your scrabble experience . 
boys love trains , and this wooden set is of good quality . 
gift for my godson for christmas . 
he is really into the beyblades . 
i got him a few but this one looks the most fun to me 
crayola does n't just make crayons . 
they also make a whole host of other cool , new toys and markers . 
demew proved to be 
soft and beautiful   a werecat with white fur , and beautiful blue eyes . 
the third new ghoul , skelita calaveras is equally exciting ! 
skelita has the most unique and provocative body mold yet ! 
i bought this for my 5 year old niece . 
it 's very cute and my niece loved it . 
as an adult , i think its overpriced 
but i think that about a lot of kids toys these days . 
i wish it came with more than one doll . 
the stickers are arranged by theme . 
the dolls range in design , covering many ethnicities and hair styles . 
each page has different dolls . 
, there are not any background scenes in this pad , only the stickers . 
you will need to provide the construction paper or background medium to use . 
my girls used these with blank card stock to make cards for their friends . 
my son loves star wars and this was an absolutely perfect product for him . 
i ' m not interested in their mostly vehicular representations . 
i mean , most transformers are cars and trucks and planes and boats -- 
what do they need to transport 
that makes them into modes of transportation ? 
they 're robots ! 
they can transform into whatever they want , camouflage into anything . 
that 's why i like their beastlike and 
then there 's the rare exception . 
cars can not use joes or other figures , and vice versa . 
-- so i snatched it up.i 
, it 's just a shame mine had a small defect . 
barbie comes with a pink dress skirt adorned with sparkles and flowers . 
bought for the grandkids . 
the bigger kids like them too ! 
they have plenty of color in them and the best part - washable ! ! 
the books are good quality paper and work well for the markers . 
worked well for a girl scout swap 
i personaly love this design . 
but this toy will not disappoint you , the megatron fan . 
his fusion cannon is sculped diffrently then in the game . 
possibly to make it fit better with the hover tank mode . 
but that s okay , 
personaly i like the design . 
also the fusion cannon can be switched on either arm 
but its still a cool design . 
even you can give your little decepticon a mission with megatron . 
but this just includes the puzzle problem solving value of the toy . 
he will be the master of transformers . 
i feel is good for a child . 
i feared the great decepticon leader had finaly lost his battle with gravaty . 
i picked him up , and prase primus megatron was undamaged ! 
megatron should withstand your child 's rough play . 
i am a transformers fan sence the 1980s , and always will be . 
this megatron is also reletively inexpensive unlike the larger toys . 
so if nothing else convenses you , look at the price . 
i just think the screen is a little too small . 
besides that it 's a great buy . 
buy it ! 
you 'll have so much fun ! 
nice quality shrinky dinks and a great decoration to bring out every year . 
we love this game too . 
i just wish this version had more routes . 
this train is made of wood and looks as it it is hand painted . 
, a claw ?   
connects fine in either mode , but lacks function and could be omitted . 
we got this to play with my 3 year old son . 
the concept is very fun . 
game.the problem is with the durability . 
they all curl up and fall off . 
this is frustrating to me and incredibly frustrating to my three year old . 
we can clean them off and flatten them 
and then they work for a little bit 
my 8 1 2 year old daughter loves doing puzzles . 
love that ! 
the puzzle itself is enclosed in a sealed plastic bag . 
the underside of the puzzle is a medium blue color . 
x 14.17 in inches . 
it 's not a huge puzzle , and the pieces are somewhat smaller also . 
i think my daughter can do this puzzle . 
the artwork is beautiful , and there are a lot of vibrant colors . 
it should be a fun afternoon 's activity . 
very high quality , and cute ! 
i love these little kitties . 
it was a great idea to make figures of heisenberg . 
however , this is not a fully articulated action figure as many might expect . 
instead , this is a detailed statue . 
even mcfarlane toys did a better job of offering articulation than mezco . 
giiiirrrrllll ! let me tell you ! 
i went to the amusement park last weekend 
bling bling ? ? ? 
that sounds like baby talk ! 
for real ! 
the doll 's name should be changed to my scene gold digger barbie . 
skip this and get a dora doll for your daughter . 
if your kids like super soakers , this is a must have add on . 
everyone that sees it and uses it loves it . 
i would buy again . 
i teach toddlers in a montessori school . 
and it 's green ! 
blast from the past for me and super fun for my five year old . 
this is fun for the parent and child , and i recommend it . 
bought this for   119 for my 8 year old grandaughter for christmas . 
she loved it . 
spend most of the remaining holiday vacation from school finishing it . 
i bought this item for my grandchildren .the 
vehicles are small but there are lot 's of sound .the 
kids love it and what makes them happy makes grandma happy.the price was very reasonable 
i ' m glad 
i ordered it.thank you amazon . 
we have had a couple of drops and no injuries with the skin on . 
this is one of my favorite creator sets . 
the primary model is great . 
i saw with this set is some inconsistencies in the yellow elements . 
it 's not a major problem , but it is noticeable . 
i loved the game-- 
this is a really cute set . 
it 's bendy , and i worry that it could eventually break . 
my son loves to color with these in the bath . 
colors.that said , beware the purple ! ! ! 
great price and my 4-year - old loves it . 
love the set but i will say that the wood is just so hard . 
but graphics and options are adorable . 
we got the maisto 1 24 scale ferrari 
458 italia r 
458 italia r c vehicle.my overall rating is 4 out of 5 stars . 
i got his for my 3 yr old niece for christmas . 
beautiful doll and she sings!!i ' 
m sure she will love it ! ! 
my son puts his leapster away now that i got this product for him 
so he 's very happy with this 
super cute ! 
there are a lot of fun pieces that come with this lalaloopsy set . 
i just finished this puzzle the other day . 
it is such a great picture . 
i was going to seal it and have it framed and hang it 
but i know i will enjoy doing it again in the future . 
the pieces are sturdy and the puzzle is so colorful . 
i thought these would be cooler then they are , kinda cheap 
and i have no idea where to get new crayons for them . 
how do you make classroom games more fun ? 
you get these silly buzzers ! 
and you know they will   but to fix them all you need to do 
is twist the colored part until it clicks into place . 
my almost 3 year old loves this gun . 
received timely , packaging great and no damage . 
my son loves dinosaurs , and this book is great for encouraging reading . 
he loves the games too ! 
thanks for this product at a great price . 
i will be looking for others from this vendor . 
these blocks are heavy duty and last forever . 
overall a great purchase . 
they all have slightly different games , but they are all essentially the same . 
but it 's the same toy from the 1980 ' s.which 
leads to   2   this product is recommended for 6 years . 
and it has a fake mouse , a fake touchpad , etc . 
, which make it look and feel like a real laptop . 
so it 's a healthier safer option for kids . 
but i can already tell the hinge will wear out fast . 
and it 's small   2   x 4.25   . 
the price was right for us ! 
30- 60 , but i personally believe the price point should be   
20.it 's chinsy , but our 12-month - old is happy with it . 
well , what can i say other than ... 
it is a yodeling pickle . 
i do wish that there was a face on it .... 
i think that might have upped the fun level a bit . 
but it has a great voice ! 
bought this a couple yrs ago for my granddaughter . 
got it 3 months b4 xmas 
so i would be sure they were n't sold out . 
i take wall - e out of the box    was almost in tears 
i must say right here ... 
i had n't seen the movie yet , so i had no idea wall 
- e was supposed to be dirty    grungy from living in a landfill ... 
so i spent the next hour or more ... 
, the toy is supposed to look dirty . 
wish i had been informed of this . 
i felt like an idiot ! ! ! 
as to the actual toy , this thing 's pretty neat . 
the voice is cute    just like it is in the movie . 
b c it has a tendency to tip over then . 
on hardwood floors it would be great . 
this is a must have for any wall - e or robot fan ! ! 
i bought these for my grandson 's birthday party . 
they have a pool . 
what i like is 
so i 'll do the same thing ' because it may not be ! 
so you have to figure out another way to make it . 
that 's what i like ... 
you use the tray itself for some of the answers . 
now i know better . 
i got this for my son two christmas ' ago . 
boy , does he love it . 
he has mastered all the cards , but still goes back to the game . 
it will really keep your child busy . 
my 6 year old is next to get it . 
absolute loved game . 
a must have for a childs collection . 
you can not go wrong with this one . 
another beautiful star wars set from lego ! 
of the 4 , of course wampa is the best ! 
looks really cool ! 
my only complain is that the wamps figure is not very flexible . 
only it 's hands move . 
the luke and zev minifigs are really neat with good designs on their torsos . 
after assembling , looks awesome and is very stable . 
it looks really beautiful . 
the white pieces used to make the cave are very nice . 
like the pieces used to indicate melting snow are cool ! 
there 's a piece of carcass which is good . 
and then you have to again remove and put . 
meowlody and purrsephone are toys 
r us exclusives . 
the duo does not come with a pet , but their diary explains why . 
the duo each sport a single , red fingerless , biker glove . 
the exact opposite coloring of her sister 's shirt . 
considering meowlody has white - blonde hair and her sister sports raven black 
purrsephone has a single length of blonde hair rooted into her black wig . 
meowlody has the same heavily sprayed strip in her hair as well . 
received the train quickly    it was packaged well . 
there 's something i have to get off my chest . 
you put the batteries into the base of the frame . 
when you slide you ipad in it depresses a switch that turns it on . 
that means we can place the ipad wherever you want.suggestion   
use   preliminaries out of the way the fun can begin . 
and it is kind of fun . 
you can pick all kinds of colors for mouth , cheeks , and eyes . 
as you move , the additions move with you . 
classic , doesn t get better the an oldschool toys . 
worth the money to collect or give to the next generation of turtle lovers ! 
i love melissa    doug and with prime figured it 's a great deal . 
but i just received this bottle 
and it 's empty . 
it 's a completely sealed , new package but no liquid ! 
there 's no way i can give this to my daughter . 
it was for her birthday 
so i ' m really disappointed.this is going back 
these are perfect for a young child . 
they 're brightly colored and the eye openings are just the right size . 
this toy is decent . 
my son is n't really impressed with it at age 2 . 
you can barely hear the animal sounds . 
it is well made though and has n't broken . 
my son seemed interested in this at the store , but then never again . 
, my son is 13 months old now 
it 's on a shelf with his wooden vehicles which he plays with often . 
he just skips this one . 
he put it together just within hours . 
he is overcome by joy with it . 
but hey , that 's how it goes ! 
my son was really excited to get this toy . 
it 's a little big , but fun . 
it 's big , and causes more trouble for my son than fun . 
i bought this for my niece for christmas . 
she and my daughter seemed to really enjoy it with assistance from me . 
nice set of headband making supplies . 
right out of the box this piece of garbage fell apart . 
i opted to go with the 50 dollar buzz at toys r us . 
now that is a durable toy . 
i have other crayola light designer items and this one is not my favorite - 
but it 's still fun ! 
- you made an animation . 
we had a lot of fun playing this over the christmas weekend . 
it 's a ton of fun if your kid loves i spy . 
but i think it 's worth the price . 
good intro for young children and older seniors . 
lots of fun once everyone latches onto the rhythm of the game mechanics . 
very nice family game . 
this boat takes on water and sinks , a lot . 
my son likes playing with it but gets really frustrated w   
it 's lack of ability to float . 
my 4 yr old loves it ! 
he can stand on it , sit on it . 
now he wants to take gymnastics . 
my 2 year old likes it too . 
both of their friends adore it ! 
i put mine on a tree using some rope . 
very easy . 
it look different than the picture- but that does nt matter . 
it is a great product . 
i was looking for a gift for my son . 
legos make the perfect gift . 
what 's not to love ? 
and i wanted to find something similar for the little guy . 
this is perfect ! 
they are well made , brightly colored and a good value . 
god bless amazon ... 
i ordered this almost at the last minute 
and they got it here double quick . 
i bought 4 of these and extra clips , but it kept jamming . 
this is a pretty nice tool set . 
if these kits came with torsos they would be better . 
i liked that it explained what the different germs were and what they do . 
6 months later 
and she 's still playing with it in the bath . 
i just clean it when i clean the bathtub . 
i bought this for my grandson and he loves it . 
he is just under 2 
it makes him feel safe . 
love it ! 
my girls had been talking about this toy forever . 
poor reviews meant i was not going to buy it . 
not durable at all . 
we keep our toys in tip - top shape ... 
very , very small parts like a tea set , pot ... 
i could easily vacuum it and never know the difference . 
our son is 2 and this is a great starter set for him . 
the size is perfect and he was having a great time with it instantly . 
it will be great for his developing coordination skills . 
added bonus , it can be used inside or out . 
i can not tell you if it works . 
you may want to think twice before purchasing . 
by the way , my fingers are not exactly delicate . 
we purchased this item as a birthday gift for a 6 year old boy . 
he went nuts when he opened it and pretty much ignored everything else . 
i purchased this game after we played it at my sisters house . 
i also purchased one for my son for his birthday as well . 
it is a really fun game ! 
my 4yr got this for her birthday , she wo nt put it down . 
i love this game ! ! 
and the expansion possibility i 'd endless ! 
aeg already announced the first expansion and i can not wait to get it ! 
must buy ! , , 
no packaging . 
no instructions . 
i removed the car and it was covered in dust . 
at first it was fun . 
changing batteries did no good at all . 
save your money . 
first , be aware this item is a wal - mart exclusive . 
the folding stock is undeniably a great idea and the execution is satisfyingly solid . 
the swivel mechanism is smooth and the   lock   seems to work fine . 
it 's adorable , super soft and a nice safe choice . 
which is disgusting . 
we took it out of the packaging and let him mess around . 
whenever the ball is   hit   
it makes noises . 
- it 's going to grow with him ! 
the price of the toy 
we ' ve got a very fickle baby . 
they all enjoy this product , and so do i. 
, they are very durable 
so i do n't worry about it breaking or anything . 
i see years of fun for my my girls with this toy 
this is a great toy . 
it 's soft and cushy and does not feel cheap . 
i would absolutely buy this again ! 
i found this to be a great toy ! 
it was so simple and easy to use . 
my children could not stop playing with these crabs on christmas morning . 
the pink was definitely the favorite . 
they loved switching the shells . 
they are just like little outfits for their crabs ! 
they also loved putting the little kooky friends on their backs as they walked . 
true to it 's word , this bubble solution makes a ton of bubbles . 
and they stay intact , even after they hit the grass ground . 
my son loves it . 
my son got this from santa this year , and it 's totally amazing ! 
it 's so much fun to play with ! 
he has already learned his directions ! 
i totally hope leapfrog continues in this direction with more educational products ! 
this is definitely an item i would suggest for tag users ! 
more so than the books!the only downfall is , it 's pretty big ! 
it covers both my and my son 's laps ! 
and you have to fold it a special way 
so it does n't rip . 
we bought this as a christmas gift for my daughter because she loves puppies . 
other than being annoying to my husband and myself 
it 's a great toy    . 
my daughter carries it around with her 
and it 's very responsive to your movements . 
it bounces in a circle and barks until you pet it 's back 
and then it stops and makes happy sounds . 
it does    34 go to sleep   
34   after a few minutes of not playing with it , 
so that 's great to save on batteries ! 
my favorite line of the movie , and one of my favorite cars ! 
i brought it for my nephew 
he loves it 
he s had it for a few months now and 
still no complaints and it shipped on time 
she adores it . 
she loves that each of the bugs has a different sound element to it . 
i ' m so glad we found this ! 
even the flexible funnel is well thought out . 
my daughter started working on this as soon as she got it . 
lego products never disappoints . 
i love adding this expansion to the game . 
it adds a lot of new rules , monsters and potential strategies . 
this can get to be a little tricky 
1,2,3,4,6helps a bunch to set up the game quick ! 
can not say enough good things about this game . 
the colors are more vibrant . 
i also really like the new   genius   level   0 
young kids   great for going over shapes and matching . 
they too can quickly grasp the concept of the game ! 
i have played it with several elementary age students.early teens   
my middle school students love when i let them play this game . 
i often find them racing one another in solving the same challenges . 
my 8 year old daughter and i had big hopes for this ... 
but we were not impressed . 
it falls apart easily.i would recommend going with the loop dee doo kit instead . 
my daughter was really excited to get this sofia amulet . 
she never really was that interested in using the cards to make it talk . 
she would rather just push the jewel and make it say random things . 
it is cute 
but we warned it is huge . 
so because of the size it is kind of bulky and awkward . 
but once apart , the clasp pieces can fall right off of the chain . 
i did n't realize this 
or i would have hot glued them to the chain . 
that amulet is awesome ! 
i 'd definitely go with that one . 
he loves to turn the pages on the book , and manipulating the blocks . 
a must have ! ! ! 
it 's probably so that they can not gunk up the charging port . 
other than that i like this case a lot and recommend it . 
a couple pieces to screw on . 
a cleverly hidden battery compartment that requires a couple of aas . 
and some stickers to apply around the dollhouse . 
the plastic feels a little flimsier . 
the doll family is very well put together and fun for the kids . 
the only places with names are the seven continents and the major oceans . 
national boundaries are shown , but there are no names for the countries . 
my grandson loves , loves , loves trains 
so i got thomas 
i ' m certain in his future there is a lionel train set ! 
we got this for our daughter as one of her 2-yr birthday presents . 
she loves this game ! 
everything about this game is super cute and durable ! 
i was browsing around amazon and i saw this . 
hmmm ! ! ! 
got tired of flipping and holding my rc cars everytime 
i wanted to take apart something . 
for the price it was a great call . 
i say a must have . 
i am a beginner hobbyist loving to take apart and adding new stuff . 
buying another one for my grandson 
need i say more ? 
young boys will definitely will enjoy this set . 
what kid does n't like hot wheels and who does n't enjoy a trackset ? 
other than that , its real fun and quick to assemble . 
a awesome amount of detail . 
a sinister cast to it 's gruesome features ! 
this whole line of collectibles is very well done ! 
this set is a good value for money . 
i bought this toy about a year too early   intentionally . 
he loved all the alphabet pieces . 
i can not describe how upset he was when i started putting them away . 
they are fun , affordable , and built to last . 
i do n't get it . 
it just does n't work . 
not a single car made it through even the smallest loop . 
my four - year old lost interest quickly . 
while it does say ages 8 - 14 
it is 386 pieces total , with stickers and some very small pieces . 
this she can do on her own , and she loves it . 
it 's a neat concept . 
it comes with over 300 gems , but they are tiny and easily lost . 
our only complaint has been that the gems run out pretty quickly . 
daughter has n't used it as much as i thought . 
my baby loves these . 
so the current amazon price is a real bargain.this is just an incredible toy . 
the head is very well detailed , plush , and it has beautiful eyes . 
it looked more like a soft sculpture . 
the sound works great - clear and loud enough to hear well . 
i highly recommend this , and can not believe the bargain pricing . 
there 's no room for improvement in this toy . 
it 's just perfect . 
i 'd rather have the kidcraft amelia or melissa and doug victorian . 
many peices but seems simple enough . 
luthor 's accessory ? 
a giant , kryptonite - powered robotic battle suit . 
oh yeah , 
this one 's a winner!complexity   
this is probably the most fun of all the lego superheroes sets . 
it makes a great gift too . 
my kids loved these two fun , marshmallow guns . 
fun right out of the box . 
i would buy again as gifts . 
cheap and easy way to learn new words for kids.can easily bend though ... 
i bought other levels as well . 
my son loves i spy products including this one ! 
it keeps him entertained and loves interacting with it ! 
this puzzle is another wonder from ravensburger . 
terrific fun . 
my daughter loves this doll . 
it completes her set . 
hours of fun ! 
the new sorry ! 
as well as that , it is basically the same game . 
other than that , enjoy!4 out of 5 stars 
my granddaughter really likes feeding her baby dolls with these doll bottles . 
she likes how it makes her dolls cry and drink with the sounds . 
these rings are sooooo adorable ! 
they were a huge hit with the kids at our abby cadabby party ! 
they look exactly as pictured    great quality too . 
i really liked the picture 
so i thought this would be nice to get . 
the pieces are high quality and have a textured finish on them . 
even the box looks like it can take some abuse . 
this would make a great gift for anyone . 
this toy is lots of fun for the dinosaur lover in your family . 
the toy is programmed to do different things based on which sensors are activated . 
it sort of purrs . 
if you press both sensors together , it 's like you are tickling screature 
and he laughs . 
pressing the sensor on the nose though activites his   angry   mode . 
the nose sensor also detects movement near it 's face 
the water tank is small but really easy to fill.great birthday gift ! definitely recommend 
ravensburger puzzles are superior to other cardboard puzzles . 
the pieces are cleanly cut and fit together well without breaking . 
i bought this to take camping and the kids played with it everywhere ! 
it adds a lot of depth to their stories . 
this dragon is very impressive in size and color . 
a really like her as much as the boy 's do . 
i got this for my 2 year old for her birthday . 
just like the mom and dad , the grandma is the same size . 
my child received this product as a gift for christmas . 
the quality of this product is beyond poor . 
very cheap . 
plastic is very thin , flimsy , bendable . 
you could actually tear rip the plastic if you wanted to . 
do n't waste your money . 
invest in a higher quality terarium . 
beyond me how this product could even be manufactured and sold ! 
very disappointed . 
i love the   rising cake   feature ! 
everything appears durable . 
brightly painted . 
the   40 price tag might put off some potential buyers . 
make   30 - 35 and it would be perfect . 
another very well built disney product . 
they have yet to disappoint our kids on any of our purchases . 
we would recommend this to any parents with princess loving children . 
i love this toy ! 
my son is currently perfecting his alphabet and this is great for just that . 
the mat in the picture says the letter and the matching animal . 
my son loves finding the animal to match the letters . 
this was what my son asked for from santa . 
this toy is cool though ! 
the cord on the laser has an ingenious retracted . 
you just wrap it and cover it 
and then you do n't have to worry about it getting caught or bent . 
then once retracted the gun can click into the shield on buzz 's back . 
there are all sorts of new sayings , and some of his heroic music . 
squeaking , creaky plastic on plastic . 
so i jumped at the opportunity . 
when you spin lily she sings a rhyming song . 
those cloth strips of material say   bumpy    smooth    fuzzy . 
i would just buy this and call it a day ! 
my 3 yr old enjoys some of the things on this as well . 
in particular he likes hitting the frog that pops up . 
he thinks its whack a mole and pushing the abcs . 
although he already knows everything this thing has to teach he still likes it . 
very nice she loved it!xxx 
xxx xxx xxx 
xxx xxx xxx 
xxx xxx xxx 
xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx 
i purchased this toy for my 18-month old son . 
i try to attach them loosely so they are easier to cut . 
we bought this for our youngest 's first birthday . 
he enjoys standing at a table and moving the beads around . 
our three year old also likes it . 
we would n't have had santa bring us all the other items ! ! ! 
our daughter has played and played with this.great item ! ! ! 
great stocking stuffer ! ! ! 
kids love this cute little puppy . 
very soft and to them real like ! 
enjoy it like their own little pet ! would recommend this to others ! 
it is definitely worth it . 
this is the most tailor made game i ' ve ever played . 
every time i play , it is different . 
, i highly recommend it . 
you will not regret the purchase.-----update   
it has been over 2 years since i wrote this initial review . 
it has been almost 4 years now , the toy is still running strong . 
therefor , no sadness in losing . 
they really need to visualize how the laser will go . 
it was really fun watching them trying to figure it out . 
my son would help my daughter as she is a bit younger 
but she did n't too bad for a 6 year 
old.it really made them think and they had fun . 
even my husband liked it and started playing . 
he enjoyed playing the more advanced levels . 
we love this brand , their toys are perfect for a growing child . 
great family game ! 
we especially like the european version . 
i would recommend it for all your model rocket needs ! 
this product is awesome love it , 
i collect stuffed calico cats . 
esmeralda is one of the softest cuddliest ones there is ! 
huggable , lovable ! 
it is a very fun and short game ... 
i would never guess a plastic toy would be durable like this . 
the hinges still work like the day it arrived . 
it is expensive though and that takes a star off . 
overall , good product and a must buy for thomas fans . 
you get a lot for your money . 
not much else to say here . 
it 's brightly colored and a very cute piece . 
the ponies fit in the buckets just fine and it 's simple to operate . 
it plays just one medley   kind of a strange medley , at that . 
she fell in love with the big eyes and the cuteness . 
it also seems to be very well made and soft and fluffy . 
aaa     plush toy . 
if you have a little one , then you need this toy ! 
he bounces up and down every time he hears the old macdonald song play . 
love it ! 
it was for my kid and he enjoyed it so its five stars . 
had all the parts and shipped quickly so nothing negative to report . 
but he was dogged after i encouraged him to practice more .   
obviously , you 're mileage will vary . 
what else can you say ? 
they are exactly as described . 
my daughter will make countless bracelets with these . 
they came divided into a few smaller bags . 
i was looking for board games to play with my 10 year old son . 
i chose this game after reading the reviews . 
while i have n't played it with my son yet , my brother 
and i played it several times over christmas weekend . 
the game instructions are easy enough to learn . 
this is what has frustrated us the most . 
it is a good startegy and spatial recognition game . 
considering the price on these they are a great buy . 
the swords are sturdy . 
this is wonderful considering i have a very destructive 4yr old . 
this was a color hard to find 
but she absolutely loves it and plays with it all the time . 
well worth the money . 
it 's not just a stuffed animal . 
my son loves to go on the website and take care of his pet . 
she loves seeing them on the shelves in her room . 
this holiday barbie is one of the prettier barbies that we have gotten . 
i used my amazon price check app and saved when i purchased the item . 
my two boys are 5 and 6 and enjoy these greatly . 
it works well and is very enteraining . 
both boys , ages 4 and 7 , enjoy playing with this parking garage . 
my husband found it relatively easy to assemble . 
we had no issue with quality . 
it gets moved about the house and works with all types of small cars . 
the rollers do not raise up high enough . 
not a deal breaker , just rather annoying . 
we were looking forward to this 
but it just does not deliver . 
how can it get better ? 
it can be filled and emptied . 
it has a great handle for little and big hands . 
the propeller works . 
and , i heard my grandson say ,    34 
i love my submarine !   
34   boys and girls alike will love this toy . 
first and foremost , let 's talk about the bad news . 
find something that is more than 1 foot long .i 
can see this product also being useful for teaching fractions later on . 
i love the shine but had several break on me . 
for the price , they should have been better quality . pretty though . 
i picked this puzzle up to take with me to our annual family reunion . 
well , it certainly kept them busy!initially 
i asked my kids to put the puzzle together 
so i could do a more timely review . 
well , after four days of semi - regular effort , they gave up . 
my youngest son was determined to finish the thing at some point 
and it was completed by day three . due to some wireless issues 
, we had some difficulty getting the app to work 
the puzzle itself is challenging but doable for the more serious puzzler . 
inexpensive and enjoyable to use . 
great on a desk for all to play with . 
that 's a huge plus ! 
and it has a lock that covers the home button . 
it comes with 5 stamps , a stylus and a stencil . 
any older and the child will quickly tire of the artsee studio . 
we 're always disappointed with them almost immediately . 
this helicopter was the one we were looking for for so long.pros 
ijust can not say enough about how impressed i am with this heli . 
it can make the smallest movements and turns . 
but really , it 's comparable , if not better , 
in fact , we bought three so we could rotate them out.instructions . 
and i were a little unclear about charging . 
we had to search the internet to get clarification .   
my advice is to buy more than one . 
my son has always been a huge scooby doo fan . 
this year he had a scooby themed party for this birthday 
so i thought this would be a good addition . 
he has loved playing with these and making up his own mysteries . 
this has got to be the cutest little toy food set ever ! ! ! 
it 's designed so well , great quality , adorable ! 
it works perfectly with the little guidecraft kitchenette that i bought . 
the product materials and packaging are green and nontoxic 
the food tray is the perfect size for little hands . 
the other smaller pieces   shakers and the egg in the egg cup   
old 's hands . 
otherwise i ' m 
absolutely thrilled w   
this set and would definitely highly recommend . 
i love the thomas the train stuff 
and i got this to go with the ride on train 
it works fine if you can get enough air into it 
i even had to blow pretty hard to get it to make sound . 
my 15 month old plays with this toy . 
he pulls this pirate ship around the room . 
this toy is made very well . 
he throws it around and its still in great shape . 
i would recommend this toy . 
reallt long puzzles or small ones will not fit . 
but all my standard size ones do . 
the fish itself does n't hold his attention . 
it comes with 4 blocks but only 3 really fits inside the fish . 
we got this for our son when he was about 15 months old . 
it is a bit of a workout to push around . 
i ' m 5'3 , and i have to hunch over to push it 
so i can not imagine how it would be for a tall person . 
we still have the floor board in place . 
since it has been cold , we ' ve been using it in our basement.my 
it 's not really easy to steer the car using the center handle . 
i am not a huge collector but really enjoy batman and green lantern . 
this figure holds more personal value than anything else . 
these my little pony figurines are extremely cute . 
careful of the small pieces as they will get lost . 
i recommend a snack size baggie for storage of the small parts . 
it started out very well .. 
this was working remarkably well .. 
we loved it . 
it was supposed to withstand these landings .. 
we might try another one .. 
not sure . 
i wanted to really like this doll 
but she just did n't hold up to normal play wear and tear . 
that was one thing i really like about the doll   
and she is laying down . 
and then when she does she has a tendency to not actually walk forward . 
she has some really neat features otherwise ! 
shower door and front door come off hinges easily , but otherwise great product . 
took about 3 hours to put together . 
this game is hard to play . 
enough said . 
great with the outfits i bought for my neices dolls for christmas . 
they are very cute and go on easy . 
buy from this company alot . 
this is a great basic set that makes a lot of flat patterns . 
my three year old really enjoys it . 
the super dimensional creations can not really be made with the basic set . 
all in all , this toy is really easy to use and entertaining . 
once all the gears are put together they can make a lot of noise ! 
it is also very durable and colorful . 
this was so nice of a set ... 
the grand kids love it . 
it 's a cute game . 
i ' m always pleasantly surprised at every little innovation and design . 
this set was no different . 
first of all , i love the colors . 
this set may look fragile , but it holds together well . 
i do n't complain when parts fall off , 
the rubber tires are a nice touch . 
it is so clever the way they do this stuff . 
as usual , it was a complete pleasure to build . 
the end product is larger then expected , and simply looks awesome . 
the bug actually captures one ! 
the songs are n't full length . 
for the price , i was expecting something more durable and robust . 
it is not the kind of kit that provides a prepared experience . 
then when he is done , he has a completed object . 
some children are not oriented that way . 
the ones that are will probably really enjoy this kit   that ones that are 
, this kit could be a lot of fun . 
i do n't think this is typical of all children , though . 
therefore , i would recommend this with a couple of reservations . 
it 's not a whole detective 's arsenal   
she loves it and can not get enough of creating different looks . 
for the money , it can not be beat ! 
both of them played everyday trying to reach to the next level . 
i remember playing this when i was little . 
when we first got it 
my daughter was thrilled to find this on xmas morning , thanks santa ! 
i got all of the correct pieces in the box 
she totally loves it . 
the quality and craftsmanship are fantastic . 
i 'll update my review if the company sends me a replacement wall.update   
the replacement wall came after a very long wait . 
great adult game . 
lots of hours of fun and laughter . 
we have played with the family and had a blast . 
bring your imagination . and have a blast . 
a full sized guitar is hard for them to manage . 
this is more their size . 
it does need constant tuning- probably the biggest drawback . 
my girls are learning off   alfred 's complete kids ' guitar course . 
it starts with single finger chords   c - g7-g 
our strings have not broken yet . 
they have covers for the nuts and stickers to i 
d the open string which eventually fall off- not a biggie . 
it 's all for fun 
this set was no exception . 
the shiny surface of the puzzle will mirror surrounding light sources . 
the pieces are rigid , but feel somewhat easily flexible . 
i had this as a toddler , i 'd have loved this puzzle . 
my little one got this for her 3rd birthday . 
she loves it . 
we frequently have to pause so she can take a picture . 
the pic quality is n't great at all 
it 's different and i like it 
my nephew just loves these . 
they are fun and silly . 
this is a good quality and inexpensive toy . 
very nice ! 
this toy is a classic for the grandkids . 
got for guests at a birthday party ... was very happy with the birds ... 
thanks so much . 
good quality , good service . 
this product serves its purpose well . 
very durable and protective . 
we ' ve been big imaginext fans for years . 
lots to do and play with . 
cats love to chase them as well .     
still , it does n't matter . 
kids are 9 , 7 , 5 , and 2 . 
great quality . 
sure to please ! 
this is a really fun table for toddlers . 
my 18 month old grandson loves it . 
easy to put together . 
just perfect . 
baby loves this toy but so does our dog . 
the puzzles are sticky and hard to put together and take apart . 
they are pretty thickly cut and durable . 
i ordered 2 of these . 
the order was filled by the retailer   ' red rocket hobby shop ' . 
that is a sure sign of a shorted out li - po battery . 
since the first one was defective , i sent both back for a refund . 
maybe designed for older kids . 
i purchased for my grandkids 
1- 3 yrs old 
and they get bored with it quickly . 
this is a neat , well made , durable kids computer . 
i ' m 
i bought it 
b c she does ask for it when i get on the computer , 
but she 's too young to really use it . 
i like the handle and how the mouse nests under the toy . 
it is stand - alone only . 
each piece is different and only fits in a certain place . 
totally useless when it comes to adding on to other thomas trackmaster sets . 
he looks just like the cartoon 
and he is solid , well constructed . 
he does n't have many poses available , but he was designed for play . 
his mouth moves to give off different   expressions   and has some phrases . 
i am a big kid myself and i love it . 
check out the pic 
so you can see the figures side by side . 
this walker is not a good one . 
santa was not happy.the doors pop off very easily . 
the   mail   was never once touched by my baby . 
the whole thing tips backward when a baby pulls up on it .   
it very hard to get turned 
i also like that this walker collapes for easy storage . 
it 's too big , bulky and boring to be used in that way . 
our family has had so much fun with this little elf .    
34   cp   
34   as . 
i think he is something every young family should have ! 
even very small children   
4 and 5 years old   can build circuits and understand electricity ! 
older kids and adults love it too . 
making circuits has never been easier . 
5 stars for sure ! 
very durable . 
sturdy and fun 
i originally bought this james train because amazon said it takes 1 aa battery . 
i never keep c batteries in stock . 
the train is great otherwise i just hate to keep c batteries in stock . 
so take note this train takes c batteries not aa . 
what a big let down . 
they asked if they could download a game to it 
and i said sure . 
and it closed out with errors . 
next i plugged it in so i could down load a game 
but it kept saying to plug the device in but 
oh and yes i did try uninstalling the program several times to no avail . 
i have had very good luck with them . 
she loves the toy because she likes anything with letters . 
the background screen is too dark to easily see the letters . 
but it has n't happened yet . 
great product , will update when opened after christmas regarding durability . 
this horse is everything that is advertised . 
my grandson loves it 
it gives him hours and hours of entertainment and fun . 
i would highly recommend this horse . 
got this for my 4 year old daughter for christmas . 
she loves this horse . 
it does everything it says it would do . 
he likes this winnie the pooh game . 
many play options . 
i especially like the part that helps him with writing . 
i got the cleo doll for my daughter 
and she loved it . 
great doll . 
my 3 and a half year old loves all of these puzzles ! 
keeps her so busy but still easy enough to figure it out . 
these plush dolls are the best . 
highly and accurately detailed . 
other dolls are disproportionate , poorly stitched . 
it 's really funny , and 
the the till it 's amazing 
gave to granddaughter , she had wanted one . 
her and her parents play with it and have alot of fun . 
me and pappaw can not get up and down to good . 
alot of good exercise . 
4 inch disney moments dolls - sold separately   on them . 
while my daughter was lucky enough to receive it as a present   
we gave a few of these to each kid who attended my sons party . 
there were enough we will have some for next year as well . 
i have several ravensburger puzzles and they are all fantastic quality with gorgeous pictures . 
i always recommend ravensburger puzzles and this one is no exception . 
product came as described , quickly . 
as soon as he uses it i will update my review . 
thus far i am pleased . 
great for crafty kids who enjoy a little sparkle . 
good quality as expected from fisher - price . 
i bought these for loves them 
i first bought them for my son , who is now in his thirties . 
it appears sturdy and my grandson transforms it a lot . 
i plan on buying more of these for my grandsons . 
my niece loves to draw . 
this was so cool with the light . 
it was like using a overhead projecter from high school . 
she went nuts and could trace and make great pictures . 
the fijit has a great initial novelty value . 
it comes with very good instructions but the play is limited . 
ravensburger quality is always the best ! 
was a great addition to the room it comes with a remote 
my two received this for his birthday . 
he loves vacuums and wants to help mommy out . 
this was a perfect gift for him . 
dusty is not annoying and it is great gift for any little helpers . 
my two year always laughs as he   helps   mommy with my vacuuming . 
looks great . 
great design detail . 
wish it had come with more arrows . 
only has one , and if it is lost ..... 
good strategy game 
she has even picked it above the tinkerbell one she got a week later ... 
i have n't personally watched while she is playing with it 
this tunnel adds a little design to our train set . 
now we have extra pieces other then just tracks . 
its fun to add a little design to our track . 
my little girl adores her new tea set . 
i believe it to be very durable , the colors are bright and cheerful . 
it is perfect for parties with humans , pets and stuffed animals . 
i think any little girl would be thrilled to recieve this for a gift ! 
she was startled and surprised by the pop , but loved it . 
the dinosaur just does not fit with the flower , cloud , etc . 
, it does not , it only comes with the fire engine . 
my niece loves these sketch pads . 
they are always my fall back gift for her . 
great for any fashionista or designer in the family ! 
my girls love scooby 
so this is the game i bought when i got the ixl 
and they love it and play it all the time . 
i love this thing . 
its super hard to get the hang of controlling but its a blast . 
i wish the battery lasted longer 
but hey , its still fun . 
it 's fun for all the littleactive princesses out there . 
melissa and doug always deliver quality products . 
i purchased this game set for my 2 and 4 year old granddaughters . 
they started playing with it immediately as did my older grandchildren   
it was a christmas gift . 
this will provide many hours of enjoyment for the sisters . 
i would recommend this for children closer to age 1 than to age 2 . 
2 yo 's need something more challenging . 
this game is a simple matching game . 
the rules are simple , yet interesting enough   if you spin maisy 
and you already have her 
it is a wild ! 
you get to pick what piece . 
the pieces are thick cardboard , very durable . 
my daughter   3   also likes to just play with the pieces . 
i bought these for my 12 month old daughter . 
she loves them ! 
she already has shown her love of animals and these are just too cute ! 
thank you to fisher price for making these little people items ! 
they are just her size ! 
this product is just as wonderful as the others ! 
my neice and nephew   
they are 4   just love these . 
their 8 yr old cousin even does them when they play together . 
my autistic child lives for this type of toy . 
it is his motivation for almost aspect of his life . 
plus he has cerebral palsy with a seizure disorder . 
if it is construction themed , he has to have it . 
but excavators are his favorite . 
this one is so different . 
i wish i had known about this model sooner . 
i would have ordered long ago . 
this is so lifelike and realistic . 
and yes it went to the sandbox . 
my son has his army of heavy equipment in the sand box . 
it takes the stage for my child . 
heck , i find myself wanting to show it off . 
especially the lights and then that it actually has moving tracks . 
it overwhelmed me and made me proud . 
it also weighs a very lot more than i anticipated . 
about like a big tonka truck or loader . 
if it is 100   plastic , it is quality plastic . 
the batteries gave out.if 
it last only a week 
i will be happy for the joy it brought my child . 
and i will attempt to take apart and repair . 
and then i will just order him a new one . 
there is also less    34 
my first kiss   34   kind of stuff in this game 
as well . 
this is a fun little kitchen . 
we all love our marble race ! 
but , my husband and i enjoy building the race too . 
they just like building it and then watching the marbles run . 
they do n't care if it is n't looking or operating perfectly . 
she absolutely loves it . 
this is a much better deal ! 
careful there are small pieces in here 
but this is exactly what we were looking for to start learning about letters . 
just be a good parents and only give them a size that is appropriate 
i spent hours 
and yes , i do mean hours , trying to get it to work . 
install flash , reinstall flash , 
oh wait , 
we want version 10 of flash , not the most current which is 11 . 
it had my head spinning . 
the kids really did enjoy it , but it was short lived . 
the camera , although fun , produces very grainy pictures . 
i am very disappointed . 
although i must say , the highlight of this package was the rechargeable batteries . 
25 each for this product 
if you want to use all the features , then no . 
he 's soft and made with the good quality you expect from gund . 
my son squealed with joy when he opened this gift . 
thank you amazon ! 
i ' m surprisingly pleased with this gift . 
this was kind of a waste of money . 
purchased for my son 's 4rth birthday . 
this toy really should be labeled as 2 years to 4 years . 
my son mastered all the games the first time he played . 
they were pretty lame and way too easy for a 4 year old . 
what 4 year old can not count to 10 and recognize the alphabet ? 
i also purchased the nemo game and that was too easy also . 
my kids have used theirs every day for the past 4 years . 
seem very well made , very plush and my 2 girls love them . 
they are ages 4 and 5 and they carry them everywhere . 
great , simple , toy without batteries hooray ! 
the box is a plastic storage case as well . 
my kindergartners and first graders love it . 
bummed because it does n't squirt water very far - 
i sense a helper in the kitchen soon . 
perfect for little hands to hold ! 
i will be ordering more ! ! 
they both love it and play with it for hours . 
this is a great toy with multi - age options . 
this is for ages 
3- ? . 
they used this with us as well as independent play . 
he plays with it every day . 
we have n't gotten to putting them back , but that 's okay . 
he 's happy , 
i ' m happy . 
it simply does n't work . 
cheap toy for the entertainment that it provides ! 
my son is 19 months and he can use this toy . 
it is great for toddlers acquiring dexterity ! 
the light - up clip is , i think , very cool . 
i do n't like the color.2   the trigger 
makes the gun unuseable . 
technical explanation when the trigger is pulled 
a spring then pulls the rod back   and the trigger forward . 
i thought the elf was smaller but she worked perfectly . 
even bought a new dress for her . 
great idea , 
it unsettled me a little bit 
and i did n't know if i could handle playing with him again . 
all of his choices were thought about deeply , it freaked me out . 
this game was too much for my 4 year old though . 
she could n't handle not being able to control most of what happened 
and i think she should wait another year or two . 
the only downside i see to this game is it takes forever . 
a typical game usually takes us an hour to get through . 
so be prepared for the long haul . 
my daughters are 2 and 3.5 . 
we keep adding as we go . 
it is easy to clean and is very durable . 
we have several imaginext sets in our house . 
there are also to swords and missiles for the launcher . 
not that big of a deal . 
any superman or imaginext fan will like it . 
my only complaint is the limit in the interactivity . 
it is nice and small and lightweight for travel too . 
we have this set as well as the similar fisher price set . 
this one is more durable . 
my only complaint is that the net comes off fairly easily . 
great fun . 
i won as many times as the kids won . 
we have n't used this yet - 
it 's a christmas gift . 
so i can not review this right now . 
i will rate this later 
this is a must have for the leappad . 
i love that it holds the cartridges as well . 
but i love it and it does a great job 
- definitely recommend . 
yes they are foam 
and yes they are cheap 
i would buy again for sure 
big enough so no choking hazard . 
we replaced our small ones with these . 
after i bought this we opened it up , and started playing . 
the rules are easy and straight forward . 
the box itself is decent shape and the quality is well . 
granted there is a little variety on some of the quests , but still 
.... wish there was some more . 
my son is 2 1 2 and loves this toy . 
5 balls and a bag for    ... . 
i was not the least bit impressed with this cutter . 
mostly , it ripped rather than cut . 
love the doll it great and something different from the monster high line 
it she look exactly like a cat 
this is a very beautiful and large puzzle when finished . 
not as challenging as i would have liked , but not real easy either . 
i would highly recommend this puzzle to anyone who likes puzzles . 
my granddaughter plays with this one all the time . 
and it looks like she has a long cape like thing in the back 
which is actually the long dress of course . 
the pink hair in back is attached to the head in back . 
you grab her   scalp   
and it turns and the pink hair is revealed . 
was n't on straight . 
she would give it 5 stars ! 
for the price , this is a great collection . 
i like the product for making balloon animals . 
this is the smaller version of the twister balloon . 
comes in two sizes . 
this is still very useful but can not be used for some animals . 
and i would buy it again because he likes it so much ! 
he thanks me every time i see him!-- 
a bit expensive for the number of pieces , 
but i guess lego has to pay a lot of royalties to harry potter . 
anyway , the minifigures are cool , particularly dobby . 
pros   this underwater world 100 piece puzzle is as vibrant as pictured . 
the cardboard pieces are large - sized and sturdy . 
so i was very happy to be able to try out these new puzzles . 
this particular puzzle is of penguins.i really like the whimsy pieces . 
bought this for my daughter when she was about 1 . 
she is now almost 2.5 and still loves it . 
she laughs at all the different sayings ! 
scout is super awesome and fun ! 
his music and games are even fun for parents to listen to ! 
they are obviously running out of new ideas for elmo . 
this elmo is obnoxious and quite frankly a little scary . 
she is a big fan of elmo , but did not like this one . 
we could not even get him to stop- 
he was already not working properly . 
get check - up elmo- 
he is much better ! 
my son   7.5 yrs   loves this race car . 
it 's colorful and unique and i think it 's worth the price . 
an easy build for a 7 year old . 
suprisingly fun . 
simple , quaint . 
great for younger siblings and adults . 
would be a really good camping game for all ages since it is small . 
my 1-yr old loves to push the buttons and dance to the music . 
great toy that is highly eductional . 
also wonderful that it can be turned off to conserve battery . 
the cars accuratley depict the tv show . 
ebo is loose but well detailed and fat . 
the connectors are a ball and socket joint that is flexible and corners well . 
if you buy diecast buy this . 
the trains can be pulled by interactive trains , but can not pull them . 
not compatable with wooden railway . 
hated this product.predictable . 
not fun . 
often times i thought    34 this seems like d d   battle .... 
just kidding   34 . 
each 2 cards   
no matter what you choose from the deck of 50   
has only 1 matching item . 
they needed to make the barn door bigger . 
other than those minor items its a fun game . 
so much better than the sculpty glaze . 
and then someone got   stone tools .   
i hope she does 
the sounds and lights are awesome compared to the sounds the other transformers make . 
i think this toy will outlast all of the other transformers we bought . 
they all enjoyed them and i would recommend them to everyone of all ages . 
these dolls put a smile on anyone face . 
also not so pleased that this was made in china 
but we will break our no chinese toys rule for this unique toy . 
hope to see this company make toys outside of china in the future . 
still , my daughter is very excited about goldie blox . 
my five year old granddaughter gasped out loud at this doll house . 
well worth the time . 
it did not take know time to get the battery . 
i have been wanting two so i can have more flying time . 
i ' m thinking about getting a 3rd one . 
the price is not all that bad . 
you control your launch speed ... 
this is so totally not the case ! 
the only thing this does is tell you how fast you released yous at . 
that 's a pretty high number and can not be revolutions per minute ... 
the friggin bey would take flight if that was the case ... 
so i have no idea what it means . 
it is also incredibly loud ... 
it beeps and has a countdown for you to release . 
impossible for a child to do , and a frustrating task for an adult . 
no kids , they are n't broken ... 
this tub contains 100 of the smaller animals . 
this is a great educational toy . 
each of the animals is made of durable quality plastic . 
this is a nice product and the kids love it . 
i forgot to review this item . 
it has been over 2 years and this copter is still flying strong . 
my grandson 9 now 11 yrs still flys it . 
it is his personal favorite . 
the hovering is still spot on . 
i have replaced nothing at all    34 nothing   34 . 
i bought him . 
he has 2 now . 
same model is just shoots missles . 
jxd builds good quality stuff . 
each zooble can be rolled into a little ball . 
, i would n't recommend purchasing them . 
these are n't professional bongos , and they 're not low quality toys either . 
they sound great and stand up to use by kids . 
a wonderful activity . 
it is just plastic . 
nothing to rave about . 
but my 6 year old daughter absolutely loves it . 
she assembled it by herself and plays with it in her bathtub daily . 
it attaches well to the tile in the bathtub . 
she is just adorable ! 
she is a beautiful doll . 
the pony is cute , so is the scooter . 
when she takes it out of the house everybody is looking at it ! 
this is actually a cute webkinz sea turtle . 
some webkinz are pretty ugly but this one is super cute . 
when you register it , you get an underwater room 
really cute idea . 
the others worked well and the batteries are easy to replace . 
kids love these . 
i really like the concept of these . 
was in our   empty   plastic wading pool . 
made well like all legos . 
in this case , the guidelines probably could go the other way . 
my son was a bit young for this 
but he loves building things 
so this one was definitely a hit 
i would nt recommend this toy to anyone . 
i would n't get this set again . 
very colorful and does n't dry up if i ' 
m diligent about putting the lids back on . 
i purchased the sc-100 kit for my nephew 's birthday and he loved it . 
2   this character is a   villain , not a hero . 
if that sort of thing bothers you as a parent . 
amazon asks for an   educational rating . 
this is a transformer toy , so the educational value is minimal . 
memorization is also required to transform the figure without instructions . 
while not perfect , shockwave is a solid figure . 
unfortunately he is a bit   short - packed   just two shockwaves per box 
shockwave resembles his 1980s character design with an updated cybertronian alternate mode . 
stand him up next to his comrades wfc megatron or wfc soundwave 
could n't these have been covered up or at least painted over ?- 
this peg should not have been so tight . 
a peg should have . 
the level of detail is amazing and the quality is beyond compare . 
have not heard back from the person that this gift was given too . 
price was right anf came in time for xmas . 
you 'll notice about every other word in the description is   app   
but here we are , past the release day and still no app . 
most of the new things that these boom guys do is via the app . 
the toy is now complete . 
and he 's good at playing it ... 
and his papa taught him a new move ! ! ! 
i like that it 's not a video that it makes the child think . 
my son can not stop playing with it . 
it helping him learn how to write better . 
it fun way to help him learn . 
would buy this again 
the set is made of a durable plastic well colored and easy to clean . 
its parts are well rounded , safe , and not easy to swallow . 
a winner ! 
i had viewed this game on amazon , and found it intriguing . 
with a birthday soon i asked for this . 
they show the correct , and non correct ways to place your bricks . 
the insert , and back of the box has this information . 
i am a puzzle nut . 
i always have a puzzle in some stage of completion . 
the first thing that caught my eye was the picture itself . 
what fun this makes doing the puzzle.finally , the pieces are thick . 
this was perfect ! 
my son loves this torch . 
i really like how the light flickers when it 's on . 
it gives it a realistic feel . 
very good product , my nephews was very happy with that . 
very recommended , highly details . 
if you saw transformers this optimus prime 
it s very nice 
this toy is a joke . 
waste of money . 
no one plays with it , just takes up space . 
great product ! 
my daughter has had hours and hours of fun with this ! 
one spiderman and spiderman motorcycle is included in this set . 
additional characters and villains sold separately which we have . 
the tower is cool as well.recommended age use is 3 to 7 years old . 
you can pass this down to future generations if so desired . 
i ' m happy with it 
and so are my boys . 
my daughter just turned two , but already enjoys playing with these beads . 
i love the bright colors and how chunky they are . 
it is easy for her little fingers . 
it was significantly harder to dig through parts to find what i needed . 
these toys are colorful and have many moving parts and projectile launching functions . 
my son enjoys them very much . 
is that these toys are a bit fragile . 
the engine in the rear of the green car pops off very easily too . 
this is a great wagon . 
it ends up swinging around too much instead of staying where i want it . 
these are great instruments to use to engage toddlers in musical games . 
i always had problems with those but this item has been flawless so far . 
it works great and it 's very easy to use . 
i ' m really impressed with how easily it reads the words . 
the speakers are nice too , not robotic . 
i think the variety of books that are available are great . 
games , activities , maps    storybooks . 
a great mix . 
i would highly recommend this great learning tool . 
jack   does n't pop up after only a few weeks of owning it . 
do n't waste your money . 
this world racers set bucks that trend . 
the moveable arm and engine are very cool and stable . 
a terrific value packed set for the lego vehicle lover in your house . 
the flick firing missiles are the only   misfire   in this set . 
but i think she will love that it comes with so many different tattoos . 
this is a fast game to learn how to play . 
it comes down to you all winning or losing together . 
we have played this numerous times 
often we win but still no matter how hard we try sometime 
the diseases just win out . 
it 's fun . 
i highly recommend this to a board gamer . 
also teaches you on the spread of disease . 
this toy is a ton of fun , but there are some design flaws . 
first off the tracks have a tendancy to come apart . 
zoomer has been all she 's asking for since october . 
so on christmas santa bought it for her . 
she was very happy until suddenly we were playing with him and spazzed out 
and then his eyes we n't blank . 
we tried charging him for most of the day and night 
and he still will not turned on . 
i ' m hooked - up to the internet via a comcast supplied box . 
this is a gift so my granddaughter has not received it yet . 
it was something she has asked for ... for christmas . 
it is really cute ... 
the webkinz just keeping getting better ! 
love it ! 
love the figure , but received it broken when opened . 
right arm fell right off     
my daughter loves that she can completely enclose herself in the cottage and play . 
i love the warm pastels and attention to detail.a word of caution   
you will not be disappointed with this set ! 
in reading the book , i found very little content . 
that 's from our 4 year old . 
he is a big fan of transformers . 
unfortunately , the traditional action figures are just too complex for him . 
the hasbro rescue bots line is right up his alley . 
upon arrival , i let my 8 year old open the box . 
it was certainly easier to get the toy out than it used to be . 
i like it all . 
see the lights mommy ?   
he pushes a button and sirens go off , and lights flash .   
i like the sounds , and that optimus prime comes out . 
you buy the other ones separate   his words ! 
this is a durable addition to our little guys transformer arsenal . 
this is an issue with mattel distribution , as per target customer reviews online . 
great gift , great addition to the line , great everything ! 
and he loves it ! 
a definite plus ! 
good purchase . 
good for 1 year old . 
it has big pieces and sound . 
no small parts to search for all over your house . 
this is a cute alternative to the ordinary ball popper toy . 
my son sits and plays with it for about 10 minutes at a time . 
he likes to watch the balls move around . 
the food!--that will appeal to toddlers . 
i purchased this picnic basket for my grand daughter when she turned one . 
my grand daughter and i had many hours of fun playing with this 
and i can only hope the new baby 
and her mom have as much fun as we did ! 
kids color on the white pop out sheets , then activate the the glow . 
also , same goes for the glowing scene building . 
son was really excited to see it glowing in the dark . 
think this toy project is wonderful overall . 
my son and i had fun while building it . 
it would have been less fun if he had it done by himself . 
first , this does n't come with the batteries . 
i have to find two double a batteries . 
second , the special white pop out sheets are necessary to mention . 
maybe ten sheets more ! 
above all , we enjoyed creating crayola fun ! 
this happened to my eleven year old son and me ... 
it can be overwhelming to the easily intimidated . 
and i enjoyed our first deck building experience . 
this game would also serve well in introducing new players to the genre . 
this toy is fantastic ! 
seriously , kids do n't need many other toys if they have this . 
what more can you ask for ? ? ? 
my daughter received this for her first birthday 
and she absolutely loves it . 
my son started really enjoying this kitchen when he was about 6 months old . 
he is now 13 months 
and i think loves it even more now . 
it has been one of his favorite toys . 
most of his other battery operated toys have had at least one replacement ! 
i highly recommend . 
it 's hard saying goodbye to the ' baby ' toys though . 
my favorite bird is this , the good side is he s 
not what i expected for this price . 
too late to send back at this time though . 
these are so fun . 
they love running around either in the house or outside . 
so worth it 
and i will continue to buy them . 
plus they 're so inexpensive 
my 7 yo son received this a year ago and it 's still running . 
was a fun but quick project to assemble . 
greeeeeeeeeeeen!tricky at the right parts , challenging ... 
many pieces had to be done by shape , but overall a fun puzzle . 
both of my boys , ages 2    5 love this toy ! 
they received it for christmas , and it was easy to assemble . 
very fun ! 
the sunshade   canopy is a bonus . 
worked great in a pool ! 
do n't think that i would try to use this at the ocean though . 
our son loved it ! 
it 's great . 
has little hooks inside and looks cute . 
good deal . 
got this for my 8yr old granddaughter for christmas and she loves it ! ! 
the more she uses it , the more features it reveals ! ! ! 
interactive and fun ! ! ! 
very cute and music is very high quality . 
leapfrog leapreader writing workbook   learn to write numbers with mr . 
the reader is able to participate in number and shape activities throughout the book . 
the positive aspects minimize any issues i have with the special paper . 
my kids are 5 , 6 , and 9 . 
my 5 year old struggled to play as she is just learning addition and 
we will not play this again . 
we thought it would be better for him to have his own . 
a kid takes lots of pictures . 
he takes about 20 of the same thing . 
the flash washes out most objects . 
this is nice and comes with some pieces . 
i did n't expect the additional people and furniture to be so expensive . 
hopefully when he gets to his new home he will be loved ! 
the clips are very easy to use and good for small hands . 
she liked all the different colors that were included . 
it makes for nice variety . 
my youngest son really likes matching the letters and collecting the cards . 
i love ravensburger puzzles . 
the quality is always so much above most other puzzle companies . 
it will also carry you all the way through the blade 450d . 
put your hours in practicing maneuvers on the sim . 
this radio has some amazing features . 
i have paid a lot more for a far less capable radio.prosradio 's capabilitypricefeelconspoor instructions 
my best friends daughter wanted a skateboard or a scooter for her birthday . 
the scooter was really easy to assemble . 
my bf daughter was so excited to receive this . 
its the perfect height for her now 
and she can grow into over the years . 
i say she has at least 3 years of play in it . 
its not made for more experienced children who already have the hang of riding . 
for the price and factor 
grandaughter will be 1 in a month . 
she loved doing everything herself . 
constantly walking around it to play with all buttons . 
it was a hit on christmas . 
nice addition to he magiclip princesses . 
i also thought the extra dress was cute . 
this goes great with the anna magiclip . 
ordered this for christmas and she asks me to wash it all the time 
so she can draw again and again . 
very pleased . 
shipping was great and on time . 
we bought this for our twin boys when they were about 1 . 
this toy has been played with more than almost any other toy they have . 
my boys sat and would do this over and over again . 
it also plays music when you drop the shapes in . 
it is very educational and very durable ... 
it has lasted through 3 boys . 
i highly recommend it . 
all well made and all well loved by my grand daughter ! 
so mommaw is happy ! 
wow this is a really pretty clawdeen . 
her hair is mostly dark chocolate brown with some golden blonde streaks highlights . 
her facepaint is truly stunning . 
in fact it might be my favorite of any clawdeen ... ever . 
her lower lashes are lined in a medium shade of purple . 
clawdeen has four earrings , two in each ear . 
she wears a sleeveless purple jumpsuit . 
these shapes are yellow and outlined in burnt orange . 
this really makes them pop against the purple backround . 
there is a black collar at the neckline of the jumpsuit . 
she wears metallic gold knee length boots with cutouts at the toe and ankle . 
she wears a black triple layer belt with a circle design molded into it . 
around her neck she wear her white v.i.m . 
, it 's not really an issue . 
but you get two dining room chairs , no table 
i just figured if you were getting   bonus pieces   
we plan to buy more accessories if they ever become available . 
so hard to play with ! 
it wobbles unless it on an even flat hard surface . 
wonderful birthday gift for the toddler pre - schooler in your life . 
these are colorful and fun while being educational . 
great quality and very reasonable price . 
stock up for birthday parties ! 
the dominion game and the expansions are amazing ! 
the game playing within the cards is also quite interesting . 
definitely recommend for the dominion fan . 
it was totally worth the price for us . 
in four words , she loves this doll . 
and she 's made to be sturdy . 
what more could a little girl want ? 
kisses is a keeper . 
i have a 2 and 4 year old that use thing constantly . 
so if you use it outside that will be very hard to clean ! 
enjoy the missile aspect of the helicopter . 
there is a small delay in the controller to the copter but its manageable . 
it might be because i m use to immediate reaction from my other units . 
however , i do enjoy this one with my son . 
he s a beginner and has enjoyed it thus far . 
we already have storytime almost every night 
and she adores looking through her small - but - growing library . 
on the other hand , for   40 
i would have preferred to receive at least one complete book . 
out of the box you insert the batteries   not included , naturally   
and ... that 's pretty much it . 
i feel this is an entirely positive trait for several reasons . 
touch the tag unit to a word and it speaks the word . 
sweep the tag unit across a sentence 
and it speaks the sentence . 
although i never thought otherwise , two people have asked me the same question 
so i guess it bears repeating here   
you must buy tag books . 
my daughter and i have been using this for about a week or so 
, there should have been a better book . 
these are higher - end sandbox toys due to their moving parts . 
a much better play experience since you do n't have to imagine everything . 
my almost 3 year old daughter is obsessed with this pony ! 
but thanks to my amazing husband , he showed me 
i was doing it wrong ! 
now 9 10 times she lands on her feet ! 
super cool ! 
my son likes these . 
he tries to eat them when he 's tking a bath . 
nothing falls off when he tries to eat them . 
you can also nake the toys shot water . 
yes , it tipped over but not with   normal   play . 
and if it tips over , just set it back up . 
i am saving this for a christmas gift for my grandkids . 
i know they will enjoy it ! 
she also likes to draw new clothing so this design set should be perfect . 
it had little pieces of clothing and pins and needles . 
this is not something i want my 7 year old playing with . 
the recommended age is 9   so that is very truthful . 
i bought this toy for my grandson 's 2nd birthday . 
he just loves it ! 
his 4 year old sister and 6 year old brother use it as well . 
i would highly recommend this for young children . 
it is very sturdy and easy to use . 
i immediately was hooked . 
their adorable faces mixed with their super creative hair . 
very good teaching puzzle , and very sturdy . 
i ' m not sure who loves it more ... 
me or my nepheew ! 
it has multiple voice changers and the batteries surprising long lasting . 
this was purchased as a christmas gift . 
it arrived faster than expected and was very well made . 
this gift brought that person back to their childhood . 
first , this was not a quick put together as you would expect . 
it does not erase very well . 
i love this toy and how it can be personalized for our baby . 
cute music and sounds . 
but he 'll grow into it . 
i recommend this for a great gift idea for your little ones . 
i really like the puzzle so far . 
it is very large . 
if you purchase it make sure to take note of the dimensions . 
it was too large for my table i was hoping to use for it . 
nothing major so far . 
the parts have all still been usable . 
you never know when you might need a whoopee cushion . 
too silly , but fun . 
kids can not get enough of this game . 
the effect is still just as good too . 
my son loves trucks and lego and this was perfect combination for him . 
he loved building and playing with it . 
after some time later , he would build and play with it again . 
there are some pieces   underneath the truck   that keeps falling off . 
other than that , it is keeps together . 
it has 2 minifigures , a handtruck and lego boxes . 
it even comes with a little coffee mug for the lego truck driver . 
we had fun putting together this children 's puzzle ball . 
the plastic rings make it easier to assemble for smaller hands.- durable . 
she was proud of making something different.dislikes none really.overall recommended for young puzzle lovers . 
i prefer the bigger pieces of fp to other doll houses anyway .   
we bought this for my 4 1 2 year old daughter . 
she loves this cottage . 
it does n't matter though . 
the cottage material is nylon like a play tent but a little thicker . 
i got this for my 2 year old daughter . 
it arrived on time and she loves it . 
totally worth it 
and i ' m completely satisfied 
lady has a slim , elegant profile and adorable face . 
it is solid wood construction , human powered . 
i had to explain to my daughter that dark magenta is still pink . 
she accepted the toy after awhile . 
consider buying as part of the sodor gift pack . 
very poor choice on the part of the designers ! 
i order spare parts with every purchase . 
you never know what the day may bring . 
syma a great company , great products , and the best in servtce . 
melissa and doug 
, why oh 
why oh why can not you put lids on things ? 
the pieces are forever getting separated . 
i find the pieces everywhere but with the puzzle . 
unfortunately , like all of your toys , it has an open top ! 
little hands have no problem stringing these beads . 
has become a favorite toy at our house . 
i would recommend it to anyone . 
got one for our 3 yr old and 1.5 yr old . 
so far our 8 yr old has played with it the most . 
we thought these were pricey at   27 each for a simple plastic shell . 
hoping they will get used creatively as time goes by . 
love the concept of simplicity and creativity . 
but this guy is a whole other world of wonderful . 
arrived on time and perfect condition.my daughter is really mechanical . 
so this is an awesome little toy for her . 
the little screwdriver does eat up batteries like they are going out of style .. 
so make sure to stock up ! 
it also is n't very loud , which i was concerned with . 
got this to put on my grandson 's technic helicopter . 
he will love this for christmas this year . 
it will be a challenge for him as well putting it all together . 
the price seemed right and the amount of pieces as well 
but i did n't think it would have been so flimsy . 
if i knew i would have bought a different brand . 
my son seems to like it so far though . 
i purchased this for our grandson , but was disappointed with it . 
i did n't like the size of it nor some of the sounds . 
make a doll out of her.i truly find this pathetic ... 
i mean what 's next a britney spears 
this one included   also 
the masquerade madness dream genie delancy   
her clothes are see through and her entire mid - drift is showing .to 
sum it up 
, if bratz are tramps , so is my scene ... 
but this toy vehicle grabbed my attention . 
again , it 's something unique that you do n't find with other toy 
vehicles.the monster high travel scaris vehicle does n't have any lights or sounds . 
and another advantage is that boys and girls both seem to like this toy . 
my son asked for a white board for christmas . 
it is too bad -- what a wonderful idea . 
they go everywhere . 
they were so thrilled ! 
great sturdy little cat vehicles . 
great for the imagination , small enough to pocket and play anywhere ! 
great great toys ! 
most jigsaw puzzles have pieces of standard shapes . 
the pieces that fit around them also are n't standard . 
i love being the one to find out where a particular   whimsy   piece 
the   whimsy   pieces do n't interlock , but the standard pieces do . 
it 's a great puzzle . 
i ' m going to be so proud of it when we 're done . 
they will break as they are not the chunky crayons . 
the glitter in the colors are very fine and not easily seen . 
this toy is adorable ! 
bought this for my daughters 1st birthday 
, she s 19 months old now and still loves it . 
she loves to    34 walk   34   
it all the time ! 
overall , instructions aside , she really enjoyed putting this set together . 
but , he loves making it transform   which he can easily do himself   
and i have to say , it looks pretty awesome in the car form . 
i still play it to this day . 
jetfire is one of the 
what a fun and clever game . 
it 's just very awesome . 
we received our butterflies fairly quickly . 
we ended up with 8 butterflies . 
the whole experience was simply amazing ! 
i can not recommend it highly enough . 
i love the size , the colors and how realistic they look . 
plus hey , kitchen stuff that is pink ! 
my 2 year old son plays with them everyday . 
they have held up very well . 
he especially likes putting water in them and taking the lids on and off . 
great purchase . 
todays review is for transformers generations legends class optimus prime and roller . 
the design is based of of idw comics optimus prime 
and i must say i love it . 
the figure however .... 
well ... read on and find out.optimus transforms into a flat nose semi truck . 
this mode really is n't bad at all . 
rolls great and holds together well too . 
i like when robot mode parts are well hidden . 
even the cyberverse figures do a better job hiding robot parts than this . 
my three year old has no problem with his . 
it 's basically the same transformation as the g1 optimus prime but smaller 
and you have to rotate the top half of the cab . 
it would have looked better all the way around . 
i understand metroplex will be out soon and these figures are basically made for metroplex 
but .... maybe i m being too picky . 
optimus is fairly poseable and stand very well . 
for the most part this is a sturdy figure . 
he 's a differe 
n't story all together . 
roll awesome ... back wheels ... 
just stand it up and pose the arms . 
then place primes blast in the 2 mm port . 
it 's ok ... 
nothing special . 
this is a really fun game . 
my daughter got this toy for christmas from us . 
my daughter loves it and is very happy with it . 
very cute , fun toy for girls . 
would highly recommend this toy ! ! ! 
empire , however , is barely monopoly . 
plus , this game is just a bunch of advertisements . 
monopoly is the most popular board game of all time . 
who paid who for these companies to show up on the board ? 
come on . 
it was easy enough to decorate - 
i highly recommend this for any girl 4 - 10 years old . 
i will post photos . 
its pieces are roughly 1   long and 1 2   wide . 
i have not had it very long . 
i fidget with it while at my desk when bored . 
neat new spin on qwirkle . 
adds a rolling mechanic to the beginning of each turn . 
still lots of fun ! 
it sings a cute song , and makes some fun car sounds . 
it has a few movable parts . 
seemed like everything was sofia the first themed this year at our house . 
it does n't seem to bother our daughter in the slightest . 
the animals are a great size , not a choking hazard to younger siblings . 
i purchased this cookie set several years ago . 
it is a fantastic set . 
the included monster truck is die - cast as quite rugged . 
in my opinion , the toy is definitely worth the   20 cost . 
i think this toy is most appropriate for children over the age of 4 . 
pretty unhappy with this model and the advertising for it . 
strongly considering a return if free shipping is offered . 
i purchased this as a replacement to a plastic doll highchair that broke . 
this is much more sturdy that the plastic one and prettier in design . 
my daughters love it and it was very simple to assemble . 
well , yeah.so , look out for deals . 
the lego landspeeder mentioned above we got at the same place for eighteenbucks.enjoy ! 
our little guy has loved it this summer . 
not a manufacturing flaw , though , just user error . 
we would highly recommend . 
another quality product from step2 . 
no tools needed . 
guess i ' 
m a purist . 
i expect to be able to make something that looks like a cake . 
instead it is a plastic cake shaped molding tool . 
it can squeeze a variety of shapes   heart , butterfly , etc . 
and there is an extruder and a roller . 
also included are plates , forks and knives which i though were useless . 
you will need lots more . 
play - doh - plus is softer than regular play doh . 
i liked it . 
i read other reviews that said its too soft and makes a terrible mess . 
they are now all in her new play room . 
i bought this for my sister as a birthday present and was really disappointed . 
the thing is super cheap light weight plastic , think dollar store quality   
but you are paying far , far more . 
no real   special effects . 
already had the original loaded questions game . 
saw this and had to purchase . 
hilarious game , hours of fun for adults ! 
my daughter made    8203    
this toy is as robust and fun as the other reviewers say . 
i highly recommend purchasing them all . 
as many others have mentioned , this is a starter plane . 
it is well worth the price and can take a huge beating . 
the largest benefit is it 's lightweight . 
being a beginner 3 channel plane , there are no aerilons . 
since you do n't have to plug it 
some people say 5 mph is the maximum 
anyways , now he does n't play with it at all . 
my 5 year old is going to love this ! 
we have a whole room full of imaginext ! 
this is a great buy for   40 ! 
this toy and this company will not disappoint . 
we purchased this toy to accompany the castle . 
he does n't know it yet , but batman is waiting ! 
comes with everything you need . 
i used these as goody bag stuffers for a birthday . 
a nice assortment , evenly distributed among four designs . 
great quality . 
preschoolers were charmed by them . 
smaller than a dime , great bright colors , plentiful to allow for generosity . 
my goal was to avoid wrapped candy . 
the kids and parents were quite thrilled . 
my daughter got this as a gift when she was 
18 mos old . 
she loves to use it in the car and when we are out . 
it fits easily into the diaper bag too ! 
that was n't an ultra . 
she loves the included doc backgrounds , and the designs on the device itself . 
25 .other than the above 
, it 's a pretty normal leappad 2 . 
it works great   lots better than the technical issues of the leappad ultra . 
very solid , well built product , and it 's great for kids . 
this is an interesting concept as an alternative to play - doh . 
it 's also some better suited for your slightly older child . 
this remote control toy is something our daughter liked right out of the box . 
all joints were tight when i received it . 
he comes with his pistol and blaster.where 
he really excels is sculpt and articulation . 
my figure had good really good paint details . 
i expected ball joint ankles so getting that with rockers was cool . 
i want to display him flying and the ankle articulation will allow that . 
he has a soft goods cape . 
happy hunting . 
i bought this for my grandson as a gift . 
he has had the best time playing with it . 
it is so cute 
my son and his friend had a blast making the chalk . 
i would def . 
jane is a beautiful jungle monster . 
there is so much going on with her 
but it all meshes together in perfect harmony to create an exquisite doll . 
her skin tone is a lovely medium purple shade . 
her hair is so cool . 
so basically , i just picked the best looking one that i could . 
her face is lovely . 
her blue eyes are accented nicely with pink and dark purple eyeshadow . 
it gives her such a one of a kind look . 
she has light blue earrings . 
her outift is done in shades of fuchsia , purple and dark blue . 
it looks like she has an asymmetrical cut top over a tunic . 
she has black knee length leggings with a jagged hem underneath . 
her belt is simply to die for . 
the rest of the belt features a claw or sabertooth design . 
she carries a staff with a skullette and feathers at the top . 
this is actually a marker ! ! 
she has a large dark blue quilted bag with red straps . 
her mismatched blue wraparound sandals are adorable . 
her pet sloth needles is too cute . 
jane also comes with a diary , black stand , and a black brush . 
this is one of the more unique characters we have seen in a while . 
janes diary states that she can talk to animals . 
so fear not , she is out there in the retail world ! ! 
the princesses make it fun to read . 
i scoffed when i first saw this set . 
dog show ? ! 
there are interesting parts , like the dog bath and seesaw . 
it just does n't work as promised.what 
it does do it allow you to draw on a clear surface . 
oh and it has a built in holder for the markers . 
nothing worth   15 in my opinion . 
lot of research to find appropriate songs for 8 - 10 yr.old . 
by way of holding the boys ' attention , it seriously fell short . 
and i thought the dog was bad ! 
other elmos that i'v found look more like the elmo on tv too . 
not sure i 'd buy this one if i had it to do over .... 
beautiful earings and a steal at the price .. 
i wish now i had bought more at that price they had 
my 6 yr . 
but she adores using the recording feature . 
nice plush toy that we could not find in the store . 
overall son is happy is what matters and price was right . 
however from picture i was expecting a little better 
i love when toys are educational as well as fun . 
basically the same heli but not 2.4 g .   
not hard to change out   but probly cheaper to just buy one . 
do n't get this for small kids thinking they will go of fand 
do it alone , they will not . 
it 's one of those things you have to do together ... 
some of the more intricate patterns were actually difficult for me , even . 
fantastic for spacial 3d thinking . 
great multi - puzzle . 
and stores flat in a box . 
you can not do better than that for a playroom . 
the manual that comes with it you can just toss it out due to 
it is hard to even figure out . 
i have better luck with the next one that is shipped 
could have been 
the applications are not just simple minded , no- 
thought- involved games and videos . 
and probably the best part is that kids love it . 
is that it does contain some challenges that could lead to frustration . 
they will continue to play until they figure things 
i have strongly considered buying the adapter pack for this reason . 
it rates as my girls ' favorite newer toy so far . 
my grandson loved this ! ! 
he has not put it down . 
what could be fun about farming and feeding people ? 
it is all about the strategy . 
highly recommend ! 
i love this toy and it is a great deal . 
the colors are beautiful and everything is washable . 
real satin - like ribbons appear as you turn each board - book page . 
first just one , then a second color on the next page , etc . 
finally there is a complete rainbow of colors . 
the kids can touch the ribbons   
it is a nice tactile to reinforce colors . 
this was for my 10 year old . 
directions were difficult and the screws are hard to screw in.once 
it was done my kids were thrilled ! 
it 's a great puzzle for kids that love to open and close things . 
we have been teaching her how to put things back 
and she does so well with this puzzle ! 
this is a perfect companion to the play campfire and tent . 
these are a lot of fun . 
my young son is 7 and he has had these for several months now . 
they have lost the little magnifying glass part because it pops on and off . 
however , the rest has proven pretty durable . 
this card was an exceptional price . 
he had a cat that he managed to destroy in about two months . 
he has had a smaller plastic tonka dump truck since he was one . 
i knew i wanted another tonka brand because they are so durable . 
very fun 2 player game ! 
re - playability ! . 
i play with my husband as well as our 9 yr old son . 
we all love it . 
the part that seems confusing at first is the scoring . 
read the rules and you 'll get what i mean . 
play it all the time because it 's quick and fun . 
def recommend ! ! ! ! 
if i want bent or broken items i would shop at the goodwill . 
i usually have good luck with purchases from amazon ... but not this time . 
m pretty miffed at the person who boxed it up for shipping ! 
it rolls up and i easily stored . 
i suppose you could use dry - erase markers with this 
my grandson will love this when he opens it at christmas . 
my daughter   9   does n't share these memories 
but i thought it might still be fun . 
than with the actual transformer that came with it . 
and then maybe it will make its way to my office as decoration . 
if your child is into transformers 
my grandson loves all the lego s .he 
put them togetter . 
so fast it is a good thing for there mind .and 
hands keeps them busy for a while . 
i got this puzzle because of the picture which i love . 
i have put together another pastime puzzle before 
it was fun to put together.this has a moderate amount of pieces . 
these to me are on the medium to thin side . 
the pieces are sturdy and strong though . 
the completed puzzle looks great . 
my husband has had a problem with our 2 yr . 
old confiscating his ipad every chance she gets . 
so , santa brought her a pad of her own this year . 
we will wait to buy cartridges for it.update 
it does not have a rechargeable battery in it and it needs one ! 
she has lost interest completely . 
we got this for my daughter for christmas . 
she loves playing with this toy ! 
she loves the noises and watching the cars fly around the track . 
my daughter finds it hilarious . 
everybody seems to like it . highly recommended . 
simple enough and easy to start a young toddler to play with train . 
it had 3 darts jammed in it when i bougth 
i got so 
i do nt sugjest buying it at retail price . 
this is a creative little toy . 
it 's a little smaller than i imagined it to be 
but it 's fine . 
i thought my little one year old would like it more 
but he 's not terribly interested . 
i ' m guessing he 'll grow into it . 
luckily it has been good so far . 
my daughter is 4 and loves tangled . 
she was so excited when she got this barbie . 
her dress also lights up as it plays the music . 
the philosophy of the k'nex company is obviously different than lego . 
k'nex set will challenge the builder in ways a lego set never will . 
i even do n't mind wearing them . 
this is seriously my favorite of all the monopoly games i have every played . 
my favorite part , there is no hotels or houses to buy . 
and then i end up landing on everyone else ' 
the game also is so much shorter than a regular game . 
there is no trading of pieces either 
but there are monopoly and chance cards you can pick up 
and that allows you take tiles away from other players . 
i was skeptical about the design 
i ' m glad we got these for our littlest granddaughter . 
he still attaches lego guys to it and lets them ride . 
i give this 2 big thumbs up!!!k 
good for a 4,5,6 yr old . 
there are some games that may be better for a 6 yr old . 
other than that , its fun , cute and educational . 
the toddler loves it . 
it 's been great for teaching the alphabet . 
i bought this for my son about 3 months . 
i thought he would love to play with this while he was in there . 
now though at about 8 months he enjoys it . 
i do like the fact that it grows with him . 
play - doh mega fun factoryi got this for my grandchildren . 
i can not wait for them to visit to play with it . 
might need to buy some extra play doh , but that 's o.k . 
it 's available atplay - doh case of colors.gunner july , 2010 
but we had two main issues . 
one , the crossbow mechanism is pretty much cosmetic . 
34 prime   34   the weapon . 
we really wanted to see something that worked like a crossbow does . 
for   26 bucks this thing is just plain fun ! 
my son is kind of like me already ... 
loves remotes , tvs and electronics in general . 
i am hoping to spike his interest in watching the helicopter .... 
i was terrified that mama might get upset 
but everything was fine .... 
so no harm , no foul . 
so i give it two thumbs up for being pretty safe . 
purchased these for the tea party i was doing for my daughter 's birthday . 
great quality , and long enough that each necklace can double into 2 . 
my daughter was thrilled with them . 
ever wanted to be an executioner ? 
well , now 's your chance . 
its almost too easy to learn , but not hard to win . 
i love games that teach learning skills to children ! 
these insects were ok . 
i would n't buy another set of these . 
the smaller ones looked cheap . 
the butterflies was the best quality of them all . 
this is another quality puzzle from ravensburger . 
i am very nearsighted . 
the battery does n't last long   a definite con !   
but overall the toy is sturdy and easy to play with and fun . 
it 's been a huge hit at our house . 
these shoes are adorable and made well with quality products . 
they look especially good with tights for the 18   34   dolls . 
i have them in pink , also . 
the doll itself is okay , but the hair is horrible . 
the doll looked old and used right out of the packing . 
the hair is all tangled and does not stay in place . 
my daughter likes it 
but i was expect better quality out of fisher price toys . 
my children love this play set . 
the quality is quite good . 
the handphone is fun to play with . 
there are many tools in this set . 
i can not think of how it could be improved . 
a lovely and cute toy at a very good price ! 
and it is absolutely bigger than i expected . 
it also looks exactly as in its picture 
this was purchased as a gift for our 2 year old son . 
i have a very hard time locking it into place . 
it 's a very frustrating toy for adults and children . 
personally , i would not recommend this product . 
this one you can not it would be dangerous ! 
the best use for this object is to put into a yard sale ! 
this item as far as i am concerned should be recalled ! 
it comes with a small amount of 8 smaller mega blocks . 
plus , read on amazon.com- choking hazard for children under 3 but 
the haunted hideaway set is a great deal of imaginative fun ! 
the instructions are easy to follow . 
cute little blanket ! 
amazon 's price was good and shipping and handling was free ! 
nice product . 
she will love it ! 
this is a cute little hide and seek and or matching game . 
you choose how to play . 
it contains pieces for the game in a beautiful little tinkerbell designed purse . 
great tinkerbell item to buy as a gift for tinkerbell lover . 
i just gave this doll to my 2 year old for the holidays . 
this doll is fabulous ! 
my son adores his new baby . 
i even gave my son a bottle for his baby . 
he loves to cuddle the baby and feed it . 
honestly , this looks like a doll for a boy ! 
it 's really perfect . 
he loves it 
anyway!!i do have a bit of concern about the dirt factor over time ... 
but all in all ... 
i love this doll and so does my son ! 
great buy . 
6 year old loves it and completed it by herself . 
these were very inexpensive , and my daughter loves them ! 
they love to put on little shows . 
great little set . 
i got these to use on my son 's birthday cake . 
we have n't actually used them yet 
i ' m 
not sure how they will hold up as toys . 
the game board consists of 12 galaxy sections and one moon card . 
each player 's three rockets start at the fourth section from the bottom . 
the person with the most points at the end of the game wins . 
the games could also drag on a bit longer than expected . 
this is perfectly toddler - friendly . 
so simple to use ! 
even my 18-month old has figured out how to take a picture with it . 
the sound effects are fun and it is incredibly sturdy . 
the rotating lense is wonderful ! 
my only complaint thus far is its lack of a flash . 
bought this for my son and he loved it ! 
he loved the toy either way . 
this truck is fun for my little guys to play with . 
it is a little loud of me , but my boys love it . 
i was very pleased to see that this version has a recharger available . 
that will be purchased as soon as possible !   
i was so happy to surprise my 5 year old with this . 
he has been playing on the explorer for 3 years now 
and it 's getting a little worn out . 
he was happy that the screen is larger . 
just be patient . 
you can tap with your finger or stylus . 
i am worried about it getting dropped . 
i may invest in one of the screen protectors too . 
he really does n't want to stop . 
maybe because we have an ipad that he has played with ? 
i ' m really having to stretch to find anything about it 
i ' m not really happy about . 
my son loves toy story 3 . 
we bought him several toy story 3 items for christmas . 
i suppose it depends on the child . 
our son learns very quickly and already knows the alphabet . 
this is a good product to help build stories with image cues . 
my daughter has a good imagination and so she loves playing it . 
there are a few images that are hard to tell what they are . 
so she will request to roll a few dice again   
- i had a few of her friends who just did n't enjoy it . 
as far as educational value , it is wonderful for hand , eye coordination . 
we bought this truck for our son for christmas . 
it is very nice with bright colors and looks very real . 
he enjoys playing with it . 
the bed of the truck lifts up and the doors open and close . 
perhaps i wore it out . 
i used it a lot   
but after a few days , i could n't find it . 
i think one of my 8-year old twins stole it . 
maybe it was the wife . 
coulda been any of them , actually . 
or the neighbor 's wife , come to think of it . 
i love this ship . 
i love the refit enterprise from all good things . 
the stands are not good but a little super glue can be use . 
i give this still five stars . 
very nice articulation and a beautiful sculpt . 
i am glad to have it in my collection . 
the camera remains one of every kid 's favorite features . 
a couple of these tricks are excellent . 
the rest not so much . 
both train cars had bright colors and no scratches . 
they worked well on the tracks . 
my grand daughter loved the chicken sounds when the door slid open . 
overall , she has enjoyed it . 
there are two reasons it 's not getting a higher rating . 
my husband has reset it for her several times . 
the second is that it does n't come with much paper . 
my daughter went through that little notebook in no time at all ! 
i do plan to look for paper refills that will fit . 
my 2 1 2 year old son enjoyed having gideon the elf   
yes , he selected this name   in our home during christmas . 
my husband and i had fun hiding the elf throughout our house . 
these are awesome and nice quality . 
so we had to get jessie too . 
the height is perfect for our two year old who is 3 feet tall . 
although not tiny , they would be easy to lose . 
our son is truly enjoying this this toy and the overall quality is excellent . 
definitely a good addition to the toy room . 
my son loves to hit things with a hammer and he loves this toy ! 
i love that it 's just 2 pieces .... 
the hammer and the toy . 
really great toy .. would buy again ! 
love these bags ! 
the kids love chuggington , and wilson fits right in with our other trains ! 
we got this toy for our eight month old son . 
we bought this as a christmas gift for our 6 year old daughter . 
she loves it so much 
she says    
it is the best gift ever   34 
my son loves cars , and needs to practice his fine motor skills . 
i thought this would be perfect for that . 
there are definitely no issues with mine 
no issues yet . 
did n't want to raise your expectations too much . 
the toy is designed for grades 5 and higher . 
i got my from amazon.com which always is a pleasant and easy shopping experience . 
this is really cute . 
it just does n't have a very supportive seat at all . 
my 5 month old can not use it . 
i wish it had a better seat because it is adorable .... 
, is n't it after all ? 
it was a big hit , and he plays with them everyday . 
my kids like the big eyes on this one . 
she comes with a cute black beanie on her head . 
she is also wearing one glove.overall , she is a good figure . 
all 5 lipos work fine . 
this item was purchased for my granddaughter . 
she absolutely loved it and plays with it for hours . 
i would recommend this doll . 
lame ! does n't blow bubbles unless i run behind it . 
my two - year - old is n't able to make it work . 
although he does use it to    34 mow   34 . 
i do want to address one thing ... 
a   30 increase during the holidays . 
really ? ! 
needless to say i did n't buy one for her . 
this one kepy our 9 year old busy for a while . 
the shoulder problem is still there . 
this game is our traveling game . 
it is so porable and my eight year old loves it . 
it is somewhat like farkle . 
very easy to learn . 
great price for a really fun game . 
great gift for any harry potter fan ! 
watch a review and it will sell itself . 
perfect for little hands . 
look just like the characters from the movie . 
nice that there are six total pieces . 
buy this ! 
this game of perfection is just like the one i remember as a kid . 
it has n't changed much . 
the board and pieces look smaller . 
the dial is better made and the pop - up board locks down better . 
there 's a little storage compartment in the back for the pieces . 
overall , the quality is improved . 
this is such a classic game . 
make sure your child is old enough not to chew on this little cars . 
goes great with micro mack truck 
colorful and quality . 
i recommend . 
i have twins that are possibly exhibiting sensory integration problems . 
i purchased two of these . 
the twins bend and twist them in ways i would not dream possible . 
so far , each polygonzo - geo twister has remained intact . 
i get mad too . 
this is a great alternative to traditional board games . 
simple but also challenging with lots of replayability . 
the overall quality of the game is better than expected . 
however , thomas has n't spent much time on the track 
, he 's too busy being carried all over the house . 
unhinged comes with a booklet full of 40 challenges from beginner to expert level . 
do n't be fooled ! 
each time you move a piece it affects the pieces around it . 
it 's quite addictive , and so much fun ! 
i received this game free of charge for the purpose of this review . 
very well made toy . 
my son loves to play with this pretending he 's building or disassembling . 
much better than other plastic toy drills we ' ve had . 
i can not say i love this paper . 
i purchased this for my grandson for christmas ! ! 
i must say fisher price did a good job buildingthis race car track ! ! 
for kids well worth the money ! ! 
and a great christmas present ! ! 
good job fisher price the plastic tracks was a thick plastic ! ! 
durability was a good quality ! ! ! 
thank u kc ! ! ! ! 
my 8 year old got this for his birthday along with minotaurus . 
still not to be deterred 
i went on - line 
and we all watched the video for how to play the game   
thank goodness lego thought of doing this . 
this made it a lot easier to understand . 
even my 5 year old has caught on . 
like other schleich products it is very real - looking and well made . 
very substantive . 
this is great for a dr . 
who collector . 
it 's cleverly put together and fun to play with . 
it is probably more suitable for the adult collector of dr . 
i love the picture , it 's beautiful , colorful , and crystal clear . 
the pieces are good quality and fit together perfectly . 
i definitely recommend this puzzle , it 's fantastic ! 
we were happy with the color and quality of these balloons . 
honestly , i just do n't expect party balloons to last for days anymore . 
the party stores only guarantee a few hours 
i do n't think it 's the balloon . 
i was very pleased with our purchase . 
these are cute 
she likes the swing the best.and 
they are very durable sometimes she takes pieces outside . 
i always wanted an easy bake oven as a child . 
so that 's great . 
you also want to make sure you have somewhere to store it . 
i do n't let the kids keep it in their rooms for obvious reasons . 
its about the size of one of those gorge forman grills . 
i do n't like my kids to eat a ton of junk 
such a great toy , and a perfect addition to the kitchen . 
another fluxx game . 
all of them are fun but slow to start . 
half of the time , no sound comes out , it just spins . 
plus it is much smaller and has too many animals . 
our elf was super proud to sport his new jersey ! 
looking forward to more elf gear . 
if you have a disney lover in your house these are a must buy . 
my 2.5 year old loves this 
but it did n't walk on any of the surfaces . 
i had trouble keeping it in a standing position . 
the legs splay on every surface . 
this is a great learning toy . 
i hope we can keep all of the pieces together ! ! 
my grandson plays for hours with this toy . 
so this was great for him . 
you can add extra train if you want . 
we have bought these twice .... 
first we loved them 
but then we played with them so long they corroded 
so i bought another and 
almost immediately one broke and i had to repair it with electrical tape 
so i am not sure what i think about these ... 
the safety features are simple but great . 
our girls got excited as son as these were taken out of the box . 
they want to share the fun with friends tomorrow . 
they are both great , super cute . 
we are so happy to have another boy doll . 
i 'd like them to do all of the boy dolls from the series . 
we need more boys ! 
i love these tiles and ordered a set of 100 last year . 
just paid   110 delivered from module r. 
the price has come down since i first posted this review . 
i ' m going to order another set for the fifth grandchild . 
some of the questions on the other hand , were too simple . 
i love this little car . 
he got a car like his brother has now ! 
while this toy has some very cute features , it is n't super engaging . 
the music was fun 
too.overall , it was about an ' average ' attention holding toy . 
nothing great nothing bad . 
just cute , simple and fun . 
i would actually recommend this for 3 months and on wards . 
that 's when our son got his 
and he thought it was awesome back then.and 19.99 
is still pretty expensive for this toy . 
you can probably get it elsewhere for around 10 - 15 dollars . 
we do n't really find the sound too annoying yet ... 
it is kind of melodic being all wood . 
like all plan toys in general , excellent quality . 
i found this with the farris wheel at target for only 20dollars 
so i 'd do a little price matching before buy 
but it is a fun little toy . 
i love this product . 
definitely recommend this toy . 
venus is a very cool doll . 
love her hair flocked on one side , rooted on other . 
she comes with a recyclable bag , because she believes in being green . 
so your kids can learn about recycling with her . 
they ' ve really done well with their new characters . 
can not wait to see if they do something else with venus . 
my granddaughter loves this pizza toy set . 
lots of fun watching her bake and serve you a piece of pizza . 
highly recommended . 
a must have for all sonic collectors . 
my son has a shadow , knuckles , sonic , tails and now silver ! 
he was so happy to get it . 
amazon is the best ! 
i love a lot of the melissa    doug products . 
this one is really cute . 
my son loves hitting the little colorful pegs .. 
he could play with this toy for hours . 
this crocoddile dentist game is so much fun . 
it makes me jump every time i get the   bad   tooth . 
this game is fill of laughs . 
worth the money for this game 
this is a nice set . 
it seems to be high quality . 
no smell and no sharp edges . 
i ' m amazed by how many toys like this have sharp edges . 
i would buy this for someone as a gift for their child . 
my daughter loves to play with this . 
the track is set up the races can be fun 
go flying off the table and they are not very sturdy 
i could see some cool races between mcqueen and finn mcmissile . 
i really was n't impressed with this toy . 
also , the pink part attaches by pushing down and then sliding it forward . 
within the where 's my water ? 
simple and easy enough ? 
needless to say , this is very frustrating and annoying . 
the players then take turns sending their marbles down the top   water pipes . 
purple marbles will take points away , so beware of those . 
honestly no , not with the peg issue . 
how much would i pay ? 
i would say between   10 -   15 . 
love this ! 
its simple to operate , but still fun to watch go for short runs . 
although this says 3 . 
i do n't think that this is for advanced toy truck owners . 
he has many toy trucks and has bigger ones . 
this one does talk and it has parts 
but i think this toy is suitable for a 2 year old . 
i do n't think i would take or keep it outside for long . 
this bunny is so soft and cuddly- beautiful quality . 
it does n't come direct from amazon in gift - giving condition- 
it needs a few days to puff back into shape and air out.highly recommended ! 
this kit makes a party of 8 light up . 
it uses glow sticks . 
kids liked it because it glowed . 
which then was a pain because the kids were messier . 
bought for my 8 year old son for christmas . 
he really likes it 
i would recommend to anyone that wants to get this set though . 
in all it was worth the buy 
this toy is very fun . 
i even enjoy this toy . 
they are also very well - made and will last . 
what a great gift ! 
this was purchased from amazon , for me off of my wishlist . 
i do n't think it 'll show as amazon verified purchase though . 
this is a really fun card game , suitable for two or more players . 
you take turns as the ' executioner ' , collecting heads for your basket . 
this is the perfect size for a sand box . 
we have a 3 year old grandson and we bought the front loader too . 
then he    34 drives   34   
i love the size of this truck . 
many others were too small or too large . 
this size works best for his age . 
it took him hours to build and it is actually quite large when finished . 
hence , storage is an issue . 
overall , though , a good puzzle experience . 
my 6 year old loves this doll . 
she loves purple 
so i got her this to add to her collection . 
they look how they are pictured . 
the panther drone ufo rc quadcopter is nothing less than hours of flying fun . 
love this toy ! 
put it on my kid s bday cake- big hit . 
loved it ! 
they are just like angry birds you see in a table game . 
can be used as party favors or key chains . 
i am so glad i did because they were a huge hit . 
my kids are fascinated with them . 
the colors are bright and cheerful and the illustrations totally kid appealing . 
my son literally was in tears when we told him game time was over . 
we chose our living room . 
whoever has the most matches at the end wins . 
it 's pretty simple but the kids love it ! 
she loved them . 
the style and construction are great . 
i would recommend them . 
the game board is durable and the instructions clear . 
this was a good time to teach frustration tolerance skills . 
great first games ! 
my son is into wwii movies , games , etc . 
this set is great because it has soldiers for 4 different countries . 
great quality and variety of toys 
very happy with the item that arrived . 
it was pristine and very well packaged . 
these outfits are darling ... 
well made and very well thought out . 
my granddaughter was thrilled . 
there is a lot for the money ! 
ravensburger has spoiled me and i no longer buy any other brand of puzzle . 
but , no . 
a few weeks of a toddler mouthing these pieces and the stickers peel . 
both of my girls adored the farm animals one . 
what a disappointment . 
great price    quality ! 
a button under your iphone registers when the device is present . 
if you press the right hand with   
then your iphone will run through the alphabet , one letter at a time . 
i would recommend 6 - 30 months . 
this toy actually has gotten a   thumbs down   by the oppenheim 
toys portfolio   that just cracks me up . 
seems pretty tough . 
we got it for free- 
if you are in the market for one , i would pursue other alternatives . 
i got this for my 10 year old special needs son . 
it shoots so far we have lost a few arrows into the woods . 
it 's amazing how far he can shoot it , or anyone . 
it 's sure fun . 
although they are little skills , they are big ones for him . 
thus i feel it does have that educational value to it . 
his hand eye coordination also is helped when he plays and aims it . 
the arrow is soft , so if it hits you it does not hurt . 
he definately loves it as do i. 
and we can not locate them . 
alot of fun and so far the best arrow set 
i have found that actually works well and is durable . 
love this ..... 
the moving parts are awkward and difficult to operate . 
i ' m missing ? ? ? 
anyone who pays these prices are out of their freakin ' minds ! 
but kid loves it 
so i do to . 
the color change is quite dramatic . 
i was pleasantly surprised . 
this is a really cute birthday banner . 
apparently i purchased something i thought was something else . 
and hard ! 
3years    ? ? ? 
js ' ... 
but i ' m going on 29   and it hurt me . 
my sons ' lil fingers would be bitten off . 
fun and easy for travel . 
love this throwback game and introducing kids to it . 
great for critical thinking and strategy . 
this game still makes me jump ! 
my 4 year old does like this 
, she uses it more in the house than in the car . 
i got this set for my 3yo son for christmas . 
but none the less we all actually love playing with it . 
it would be awesome if they made all the cars motorized . 
bought this for my niece ania . 
it has worked great ! as soon as you plug it in it works ! 
it 's great to have this adaptor in case you do n't have batteries ! 
good sturdy toy for kids . 
i recommend it ! 
my daughter loves sofia the first . 
that is why i purchased it . 
the colors coordinate beautifully with the sofia doll and her family 's outfits . 
the old version of the castle used to have a cardboard second floor . 
the new version has a solid plastic second floor . 
it 's very sturdy ! 
it still has a pull out cardboard picnic area . 
but it is fine because it lays flat on the floor . 
its not that big a deal , everyone ... 
for a child who adores sofia first , i think one can overlook that ! 
so now we have extra sofia dolls . 
we have n't had any problem with either of their heads popping off though . 
we bought the sofia family to go with it . 
the family is beautiful and sturdy . 
but most of the time it is fine . 
the voices work for sofia , amber , clover . 
the king and brother play royal trumpet music . 
clover needs to be forward facing , by the way . 
he works great too . 
the point of my review - my daughter really loves sofia the first . 
she saw this castle and really wanted it for her birthday . 
the castle is sturdy enough for my daughter . 
this purchase was worth every penny for my daughters happiness on her birthday . 
i love love love love this leopard 
this toy is sort of cool 
but it is not easy to figure out .... 
i love these things and my daughter 
and i go at it all the time with sockem boppers 
and she uses this also . 
they do not hurt anything they do not break the hold air great . 
i really do love these things 
this game has way to many small pieces 
i thought my son would love it   
he s 7    
but he even said it was cheap ! 
i m not saying any of the issues is the sellers fault . 
its all manufacturing issues 
you then ponder what time you have wasted playing other games ... 
one recommendation is to keep it completely dirty . 
this is a must have ! ! 
sucks it comes and goes in stock ! 
the toy is pretty loud , but the kids really enjoy it . 
i bought one of these for my son when he was 3 . 
it taught him so much    he enjoyed the games . 
this was later , the game lasted 4 years until he stopped playing it . 
this really did help him out before he went to pre - school . 
i bought this one for my nephew he is turning 3 in june . 
the kit includes paper and instructions to make airplanes . 
the instructions are easy for kids to follow . 
the paper looks beautiful . 
but personally i think the paper are too thick to make airplanes . 
once folded the paper ' cracked ' . 
i also use normal color construction paper to make the airplanes . 
it does better job than the paper in the kit . 
nothing special here , exactly what you would expect . 
they appear to be very good quality 
benefits on legos 
a great car toy and one 
she was grabbing for the wand as soon as it was opened   
teaches them to count and good for small motor skills too . 
this is a great gift for a boy . 
i gave this to my 4 year old granddaughter . 
she absolutely loved it . 
it is really darling and the tiny accessories are too cute . 
we used our own small , makeup bag to store them which worked fine . 
a totally worthwhile investment . 
these are nice and a lot of fun with playdoh . 
they could be broken , but not easily . 
this seems to be a pretty good set of dough tools . 
the kids love them . 
we own several of the bruder trucks . 
this one is the poorest quality of the bunch . 
the red hatches on the back broke off within the first hour . 
the plow has now broken off too . 
the starting price was 13 dollars so i only payed like 7 . 
my son loves to play his inno tab dora game . 
it keeps him entertained and away from doing miss haps around the house 
well my personal experience with belkin has been pretty awful . 
2 usb ports . 
no more unplugging my 2 tb usb drive to add a printer . 
now i have both at the same time . 
i can not say how much i love this feature . 
qos optimization seems to actually work for my gaming for a change . 
actually , this is my favorite feature of this router .... 
this is a watercolor paint set that i ended up getting my daughter . 
she loves to paint 
but i think this set is better for older kids . 
maybe 10 and up because you really need to pay attention to details . 
my daughter was too young for it 
but i 'll be saving it for her for when she 's older . 
my little grandson just loves this . 
what 's not to like for a little boy ? ! 
it looks sturdy and time will tell . 
so far , so good . 
i would buy again 
there 's nothing wrong with my reviews . 
this firm line of reviewer action will of course continue during ad 2014 . 
just so you know . 
i read the reviews on these bugs before i purchased them 
and i thought they would be more fun for my daughter 
but she does not really seem to enjoy them that much . 
they are a hard plastic 
so she does not enjoy chewing on them . 
my son   2 1 2   is in love with the little einsteins . 
it is good quality and exactly what i expected from the description . 
my grandson loves to take it apart and put it together . 
very good toy . 
, it is good for small motor development . 
overall , recommended . 
my daughter is 6 months old and loves this toy . 
i ' m guessing v - tech made some changes .   
there are three different settings   animal sounds , numbers counting , and music . 
let 's learn with our animal friends ! 
,   here we are , at the beach ! ,   
the slide is tiny . 
everything everyone has said about this toy is true . 
i thought i was just being a moron ... 
so i called the number on the package ... 
i keep snapping in with all my might 
and it keeps popping out ... 
and she keeps saying - you have to snap it in ... 
and i keep saying i m snapping and its not staying in ... 
we went on like that for a few minutes ... 
finally she took my address 
and i think she s sending me a refund check 
and i may have to send the toy back 
meanwhile my daughter is playing with it as is and loves it . 
so take this toy for what it is ... 
its a shame they could nt make it work . 
i like this toy.a bit too many parts . 
could do without all the hazard cones , etc . 
but the main aspect of this toy ... 
the crane is way cool . 
my three year old loves building the clock tower and knocking it 
what s more- 
it does nt seem to get old . 
i had this type of pool when i was a kid . 
these snapset pools are great because you can reuse them more than one year . 
it can last even longer if you just replace the liner when necessary . 
sound and motion with no battery 's necessary ! 
there are rubber gaskets in the holes to make it 
so it 's not just a simple drop the ball and 
let it roll . 
if only the balls could nt get lost lol 
toysrus is now offering a set that includes the 2 extra train cars . 
my 3 year old loves to use all the tools in this set . 
he gets to use    34 scissors   
the little tools are great for fine motor skills . 
when he 's done , he puts everything back in the box . 
great toy ! 
it was easy to get ready to operate and both ages had no problems . 
they loved it . 
5.99   fisher - price 's msrp is   6 .   
it was a   good ride   while it lasted ! 
needless to say , she was blown away . 
love this toy ! 
only have one problem with it . 
the animals are stickers on the plastic . 
you know these are going in your little ones mouth 
so i do n't know how long the stickers will stay on . 
other than that 
, it 's great . 
i put it on the fridge . 
i can see him using it for awhile . 
when he gets older he can actually match the animals . 
now he enjoys the sounds and music . 
it is a bit pricey for what youget so wait for a sale . 
one perk is that he can operate it himself . 
my daughter loved it ! 
i bought this set to go with the lego pet shop . 
this model is very detailed in design . 
there is even a little scooter thing . 
i would recommend this set for a child . 
i actually got my start when i was a little kid . 
i got some really cool things 
-- my dad said that cooking   esp . 
r ' us or here at amazon   cheaper here 
.btw , my students do laugh at me because i do n't own a microwave 
but i have an easy - bake oven on my counter . 
eat it!!!thanks for reading my review.if 
this instantly became by grand - daughter 's favorite stuffy . 
she loves sesame street and elmo . 
it 's small and soft and just right for an 18 month old . 
the merchant sent only 2 out of three i have ordered for my son . 
dear sir i ordered several toys for my grandson through amazon.com on june 19,2014 . 
my order i d is 107 - 7865710 - 7085016 . 
can you please kindly check this . 
i ordered this for my grandson . 
any help will be appreciated . 
my kids love their elf    34 chippey   34 . 
i think it is a nice , fun family tradition . 
it 's not a paint by numbers 
i could probably have done better with a paint by numbers kit ! 
it 's a good project that takes a while to do . 
this is so cute and gender neutral , too ! 
the honey container is so adorable and everything is great quality . 
the knife in particular far exceeds the quality of that in similar sets . 
it is a little on the small side but perfect for little hands . 
the plate is for the butter , not for the toast . 
my kids love these paints and so do i. 
they are easy to use and the mess is basically none . 
there is some educational value by combining colors and making other colors . 
its a pretty funny game . 
the variations provided in the box are fun too . 
like this very much . 
very easy learning curve which is great at a party . 
i obviously did not pay enough attention to size before i purchased this product . 
this toy is far too expensive . 
not at all worth the   25 
i paid for it . 
spend your cash on something else . 
i have the yellow syma s107 and it is simply a dream to fly . 
it is also super durable as far as micro helis go . 
i have crashed mine from ceiling height several times and it still flies perfectly . 
i do have carpeted floors but that is still quite a drop . 
i ' ve also crashed in the kitchen where there is no carpet . 
it was not a problem , at least for mine anyway . 
i have n't even used any of the spare blades or parts 
i bought for it yet after several weeks ! 
how can anybody get angry over   20 bucks ? 
and they eat up spare parts like crazy . 
nothing is better for price or the unbelievable quality . 
syma has changed everything in the world of rc by introducing this model . 
this bridges the gap . 
fun , fun , fun , fun . 
you just can not beat it ! 
these things are tough little guys . 
i even did speed mods to the blue one     
i also bought a z008 avatar 4 ch as well 
you 'll have a blast ! 
this one is nt made nearly as well . 
its ok but not what i was expecting . 
my niece loves this toy . 
she loves superheroes and has nearly every other toy ! 
she loves it . 
we have only played the easy side . 
i love games that will challenge my child , and so does he . 
i did   
otherwise you are just asking to loose letters . 
all of which are needed to play the easy side . 
just helps active youngsters keep track of letters    . 
love the magnetic animals and the fact this toy does n't need batteries . 
seems durable , even with what i would call rough play . 
bought this for my little niece , and she loves it . 
goes perfectly with her play kitchen set and her other felt food toys . 
these are great and he loves them . 
this is an awesome playset , my daughter loves it ! 
she got it for her birthday . 
its really well made and i highly recommend it . 
dominion is a really fun game . 
i highly recommend . 
fun to explore with your sweetie , and the start of endless arguments !   
i absolutely love this monster high doll . 
my kids absolutely love this game . 
but i hate this toy.my daughter is 2 
so did n't expect much when grand mum bought this . 
she likes it.the people who designed this are ridiculous . 
luckily my toddler does n't care . 
little austrian cartoon character sings and hears its echowhere ? 
the music is classical which is a bonus.total running time is 50 minutes , 
my daughter was crazy for this when she was just 2 months old . 
she would shake and smile , it was adorable . 
i take the unit anywhere with a piece 
and she loves to listen to it over and over   
i would highly recommend this product to any parents . 
i got these for my little boy and over time 
we ' ve added to them   
good for kids and adults . 
every so often hasbro knocks a transformer clean out of the ballpark . 
broke first time out . 
younger kids got a hold of it and were competing with other flying animals . 
they were too rough with the toy and the band broke . 
they seemed to be a hit . 
got this for an almost 5 year old . 
he and my 3 year old played with this for an hour nonstop . 
they love it 
34   that plays a couple knock off tunes . 
, it 's just a simple ding . 
we bought this for my son when he was 1 yr old 
8230 .you   
8230    8230 
purchased for my child . 
i was happy with packaging and shipping . 
child was happy with product . 
overall a good buy . 
this is a wonderful item . 
it arrived in great condition and well packaged . 
our child loves to have it in the car and create scenese 
i really like the box , the bright colors , and that 
i have a 2.5 year old and a 6.5 year old . 
we have played this game maybe three times . 
each game seems to go on for what feels like forever . 
it 's just a dull dull game . 
it 's a cute concept , good quality , but just so boring . 
maybe she can come up with something a little more exciting . 
we 'll see 
this is a great toy to help develop a child 's motor skills . 
my grandson loves making the things in the booklet . 
seems like they made one booklet for two sets . 
the toy itself is great ! 
my 4 year old loves doing these . 
the foam stickers are easier to peel than regular stickers . 
there are 5 pictures and we had leftover stickers . 
this crayon is used only once in awhile by my son . 
it works great and even under water . 
however it 's very messy and gets all over his other bath toys . 
i wish it came with some kind of cover 
do nt waste your money or time on this item . 
not recommended . 
the teenage mutant ninja turtles flying attach board game is a cheaply made game . 
it is cardboard and plastic and not very sturdy pieces , either . 
either way , it will not last very long . 
there are two games - which were not much fun to play . 
my daughters love working on mosaics . 
how perfect was that ! 
my 2-year old son has loved this toy from day one . 
you can   see the wheels turning   while my son works on this . 
every child that comes to visit loves this toy as well . 
it 's a must - have and a great gift idea . 
however , these techs are just crazy sometimes , and are pretty crazy sometimes . 
i bought this for my then two year old granddaughter . 
she loves it and plays with it constantly . 
it did n't disappoint . 
i 'd bought my niece the light blue one 
and she loved it . 
the thing makes sounds words furby - speak pretty much non - stop . 
it 's pretty funny sounding and the kids all loved it . 
bought as a x - mas gift for my daughter and she loves it . 
gets lots of entertainment from it . 
i ' ve gotten a few laughs from it myself . 
this is great . 
fits my daughter 's mobigo 2 perfectly . 
my daughter loves bubble guppies and loves this doll . 
the quality is excellent . 
perfect for a child . 
very happy customer ! 
we never play without this . 
it plays super soft music and lights up beautifully . 
my son always wraps his arm around the seahorse and stares at the light . 
he drifts off peacefully and the seahorse turns off automatically after a few minutes . 
it 's a great little bedtime toy and is very durable . 
we like that the focus on science math . 
we definitely recommend this game as a great science and math primer . 
its beocme the house fave . 
my son who is three , just loves this set . 
it comes with several detachable molds , a roller a cutter and other things . 
busta lights up and talks as well . 
my son was so excited to get this toy , purchased from amazon . 
it did not stand up as pictured ! 
it also did not go in water . 
what a waste of   20 ! 
got this for my sons birthday and he loves it . 
not expensive and pretty much durable as well as cute . 
only one stitch loose on the hand otherwise awesome ! ! ! 
we picked this up after our daughter 's occupational therapist used it with her . 
she loves counting to 10 with the blocks 
and it helped her with stacking colors and shapes . 
i bought this as a gift for my 5 year old son ! 
he loves it ! 
it came on time and was packaged well . 
thank you so much ! ! ! ! 
our 3 yo loves it    
has fun feeding her babies ! ! 
i can not believe people are complaining about deflation . 
it is big , takes up her entire nursery . 
the wading pool is a great depth ! 
i stepped in and it went above my waist . 
bright colours and lots of fun . 
these are well produced sets with good interlocking pieces . 
nice , brilliant printing and you get a nice mini poster of the scene . 
this is typical ravensburger quality , which is very good indeed . 
i ordered this as a gift for my grandson . 
the ' frustration free ' box was crushed ! 
not frustration free at all ! 
amazon , i am very unhappy with you right now . 
as far as whether he will like it , i do n't know . 
she loves it ! 
it is a good buy for the money . 
she got the ink on her , her clothes , and on the table . 
it is washable . 
she got these out again . 
this is a sturdy set that willl be well used . 
very good for young childlren to learn a game memorizing where items are located . 
this set is fantastic . 
both my 3 year old and 7 year old loved it equally . 
the tongs are fun to use with the multitude of salad pieces . 
so refreshing to have a healthy food choice in our play kitchen ! 
high - quality and fun to play with . would highly recommend ! 
the voice is adorable , and the things it can do are really cute . 
then , the dog says    34 hi   child 's name ! 
my favourite colour is purple ! 
is that your favourite colour too ?   
it has awake type music , sleepy time music , and tons of phrases . 
very soft fabric , cute embroidered features , and highly recommended ! 
this is a great idea . 
some bunnies will hop and then some will not . 
if the bunny hops , the player gets to keep it . 
collect all four colors of bunny and you win . 
for a company called   educational insights   this is disappointing . 
it looks nice ... but that 's where the positives end . 
the bunnies have never performed consistently since we got the game . 
many times bunnies that are supposed to hop do n't hop . 
this is extremely frustrating and basically ruins the rudimentary memory practice . 
the die is made of white plastic with colored stickers on it . 
it gives the die a real chintzy feel . 
classically fun game . 
bought for 4 year old grand son who loves to use tools . 
the item was shipped free from amazon , saving me   17 in shipping . 
item was quality and my grandson love it . 
he hammers on it all day long . 
great product and great price 
and i looked at a ton of workbenches . 
i liked that he could put together squares and use the screwdriver . 
great for motor skills ! 
this particular dinosaur is also battery - powered   batteries included !   
he enjoyed using it to attack his batcave and castle sets . 
my baby got this right when she turned 6 m . 
then she started chewing on the birdies . 
she is one and just now learning to sort and put things back in . 
my kids love pretending with action chugger . 
he is very durable   even with my active crew ! 
our daughter loves this car . 
it is east to clean , infact we make a game of it . 
hannah washes her car while mommy washes her car . 
i like that they have to push themselves around 
, i think it makes for more creative play . 
this toy is just as good as any of the little tykes items . 
it will last forever . 
with this deal i got 12 dinosaurs for under   10 . 
ca nt wait for my grandsons to visit ... 
they have 6 apiece to play with . 
these are great . 
i bought this to use as a ball pit for my 2 year old . 
she loves it ! 
so does my 7 year old ! 
several reviewers said they used 600 pit balls to fill the pool . 
that is a good amount . 
i first ordered 300 balls . 
and i had 100 already from and old set . 
with 400 balls you can still see the bottom of the pool . 
there is no padding on the bottom . 
keeps my options open.the price is a pro . 
i think it was a priced fairly . 
however , i am only 5 ' tall 
our family loves board games . 
we love regular apples to apples and sour apples too 
so we thought this would be a hit as well . 
everyone loves it ! 
so much fun ! 
so this was a perfect combo for our family.glad 
we got it ! 
i like simple concepts made into learning games . 
the key is set up pretty well , and the numbers helped explain everything . 
for use as a true treasure box , then it should be fine . 
, i think it is well worth it . 
i think that these questions are a bit odd and difficult . 
i think they were written in and about canada ? 
because there are many canadian questions that we miss . 
my grandson keeps putting my great granddaughter in the stroller and pushing her around ! 
that 's got to stop , but it is cute!update ! 
this dress is gorgeous . 
but yet seems pretty sturdy in being taken off and on the doll . 
would highly recommend this outfit . 
fun game to play with your horse lover . 
very informative and will be enjoyed for a while as it is not childish . 
he has spent much more time with his other musical toys . 
a cute rendition of bowser jr . 
my son loves these stuffed animals . 
if it was n't for that we would have been slaughtered . 
despite my gripes i highly recommend the expansion . 
recommended for hardcore star wars fans ! 
this continues until a long series of action is required . 
, there is a decent chance the pattern will not be recognized . 
it 's bulky and heavy . 
most softer toys do n't cause crying when pulled into the mouth too quickly . 
sure , it 's her fault , but she 's a baby . 
this toy does n't do that effectively . 
when she 's looking at it , 
yeah , she might go to it . 
it 's easily a lower - tier toy in terms of interest . 
it is very tiny but does just what it says it will do . 
cool to watch . 
my grandson   age 8   was n't all that interested in it . 
definitely makes the two player version more fun and interesting . 
after assembly it 's time to attach to the wall . 
first , assembly took about 30 minutes . 
attaching to the wall was a little more problematic . 
it was more of a location problem . 
we did not have an open wall with enough space . 
cut this in half and attached all the pieces to this . 
next , it can be moved between rooms . 
and we really like this 
- the white board is also a dry erase board ! 
my son adores animals -- stuffed , live , it does n't matter . 
they 'll be responsible for . 
sorry folks . 
i would not waste my money again ... 
my only real complaint about this helmet is that the antennae keeps popping off . 
we loved it . 
a little annoying with all the music but 
my 17 month old and dog love the balls hopping everywhere . 
my son looks for different things to drop in there all the time . 
like a spatula , etc . 
pretty funny . 
not really educational . 
this is a great app for a long car ride . 
my 4 year old twins love playing with this 
had they made it just a bit larger it would have worked . 
other than that it 's well made and very fun . 
the suction cup arrow and the whistling arrows are a big hit . 
i ' ve already bought extra arrows . 
the whistling arrows bounce off walls and are perfect for making trick shots . 
it teaches a child patience while they wait for the baking to happen . 
within just a week of owning this toy it started having problems . 
i bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter 's birthday . 
the girls absolutely loved it . 
i liked it too . 
it seems to be sturdy and well made . 
i recommend it . 
it was brought out many times and he built multiple castles . 
if it were up to him this would be five plus stars.for 
i see a few draw backs . 
my older son especially loves to create extensive castles . 
it is fairly open ended creativity right down to the    34 rules .   
34   on his response alone 
i would have to recommend this to any boys interested in building . 
my daughter has enjoyed this toy from 8 months to 24 months . 
it has held up well and is durable . 
an attached , possibly hinged , lid would be ideal in my opinion . 
overall it 's a good buy though . 
there are lights on it and even a   photon torpedo   that fires . 
but getting to that finished stage is trying at times . 
many times the pieces simply do n't want to fit together . 
it 's a fun little display model . 
received in good time as promised and well packaged .... 
is as described ... 
i have a home daycare and teens and all have used this toy . 
have had it for 2 years and it still gets used vitually everyday . 
great way to burn energy on a rainy day . 
fun and easy to use . 
i only allow it to be used on the smooth garage floor . 
works best there and keeps tires from wearing down . 
i thought my granddaughter would like this toy . 
i think little hands could grasp it better . 
meanwhile we stack and knock down . 
the colors are really vibrant and she generally likes these blocks . 
i have purchased many melissa    doug products and the quality is usually excellent . 
however this puzzel is poorly made .... at least the one i got is . 
the pieces are not clean cut so they are difficult to put together . 
that 's the condition straight out of the plastic bag in the box . 
it 's not like we have made this puzzle 10 times or anything . 
it better be of a higher quality than this one 
or i 'll return them both . 
my four year old grandson loves playing this game . 
also bought the original and he loves that one as well . 
he loves it and is always using it . 
highly recommend . 
my grandchild loves this toy ! 
the girls liked it 
i guess i was just thinking there would be more to it . 
my little one loves this thing ! 
i do n't quite get why she loves it so much 
but it keeps her occupied 
i ' m not complaining .    
i really hope that helps someone . 
what can i say , perfect ! 
the colors are bright , the size is big and the quality is high . 
my daughter loves it all . 
and it keep them busy 
and i get some peace . 
i ' ve had great success with crayola washable tempera paint . 
vibrant colors . completely washable . 
you get a lot of paint . 
i have three kids 
you get a lot of paint for your money . 
i ordered this for my daughter who loves legos and cats . 
i knew she would love the cat piece . 
my daughter did love it , and i thought it was extremely cute . 
the little cat piece was adorable . 
it comes with 2 little interchangeable bows to wear on its head . 
i was ! 
spectras pj 's are very cute.no stand or brush 
so she is budget priced .get 
her for under ten for sure.i think i paid seven dollars here on amazon . 
my son loves these little packs , and they make great birthday gifts too . 
he plays with them all the time , lego is a great product . 
she sets out food for him and takes him to bed with her . 
the only mini downside is that his hands are sewed together . 
i just snipped them apart . 
great quality and price and adorable sound ! 
my kids love it and so do i-- 
it 's so much fun to pick out tunes and play together . 
i can not wait for my little ones to graduate to the real deal . 
this is a top notch game . 
one of the best games in recent memory . 
however , be careful you receive the newest edition only . 
edition and had to reorder quickly for an immediate delivery from a local seller . 
if you get the new edition you will be very happy with this product ! 
rated in the top 50 at boardgamegeek ! 
great toy . 
my kids really enjoy this toy . 
this little bird has provided me and my grandson many hours of entertainment . 
we do lokk dforward to flying it . 
santa brought this last year for our then 2 1 2 year old son . 
our grandson loves to build with legos . 
this figure is perfection . 
i strongly recommend getting this well sculpted and engineered figure before they sell out . 
this and the other version should tie for toy of the year . 
this figure fits great with any 6   scale figure universe . 
get this guy ! 
very pretty shoes . 
very happy with purchase . 
this is a fun set . 
however , the price fluctuates on amazon . 
if you can catch a good price , then it is worth it . 
sometimes i see them just pushing on the bubble to hear the sound . 
they managed to make a game out of it . 
totally worth the money ! ! ! 
my grand daughter had been asking for one of these kits . 
so i bought it along with a refill . 
she loves it . 
it is addictive as anyone who    34 creates   
34   wants to do more and more and more . 
i purchased them for my nephew and he loved them . 
my son received this airplane for his 3rd birthday . 
overall we are very happy with this toy . 
my 20 month old daughter is in love with 2 things . 
caillou and the wiggles.we purchased this size caillou and the smaller caillou doll . 
doll.lastly , his head cleans easily from crayon markings . 
this toy is the same as any other mr . 
potato head , just with a few sponge bob parts . 
he is a little funny looking . 
my toddler did n't feel it was an accurate representation of sponge bob 
and she let me know it , but she still enjoyed playing with it . 
this is a colorful and fun toy ! 
big ol' rattle . 
you can help them learn their colors ... 
you basically have a rainbow there . 
or matching the shape to its negative   the hole   in its panel . 
so it 's definitely getting used and enjoyed ! 
i purchased this e - book for my 3 yr old daughter 
she loves it . 
she navigates throgh the game on her own and loves it ! 
it 's cute , good quality , and he likes it . 
must have for pre school . 
secondly , they break easily   the crayon ... 
and awesome packaging . 
they though of everything . 
yes , assembly does take 
our sons 4 and 1 love it and we highly recommend it . 
price is unbeatable imho also ! 
never worked very well . 
does n't shoot straight and always jams . 
over all poor design and pretty heavy . 
wish i would have gone another direction when getting something for my son . 
so it was n't because the batteries had gone dead . 
i will stick to glow necklaces next year . 
she 's too young to use the internet and follow them that way . 
so cute , but too pricey 
it is almost amazing how lifelike this thing can be ... 
she 'll give it a kiss . 
and they make noise when you squeeze the top of their head . 
well made product that will last a long time . 
purchased all the plush bubble guppies for my granddaughter for christmas . 
loves to watch the show . 
my 2 and 3 year old fight over this puzzle . 
the first thing you see when you open this box is lots of pieces . 
even adults can not get the little dancer to stay on them . 
a disco needs music.this toy is pretty expensive . 
some improvements need to be made to this to make it worthwhile . 
i could n't believe how well these airplanes actually worked . 
great gift for all kids in the family since there is 5 in pack . 
pros   compatible with most other brands . 
lots of different pieces . 
quality track.con   the railroad crossing bars are easy to break .    
overall , def worth the money . 
great buy . 
just one flaw . 
i find that gross   we are not paci people . 
you have to use power to stop motion , it does n't self correct . 
the concept was better than the follow - thru . 
no recommendations here . 
just what i was looking for ! 
i wanted a baby for my son 
so he can pretend play 
i surprised them with the kit at my neice 's birthday party . 
i put them on all three kids.my 
only complaint is that i do n't think you can reuse the stencils . 
i have n't had a chance to try it yet . 
i do n't have high hopes for it though . 
the super soaker nerf hydro pack   
100oz - backpack   is . 
king ! ! ! ! 
it 's adjustable to all ages . 
it 's comfortable and does not feel like a dumbbell on your back . 
get as many as you can while you can . 
love this game . 
now even more fun with added cards . 
my boys love this farm and all the sounds that go with it . 
the animals are so cute and my kids play all the time with it . 
this is a real cute toy . 
nice colors , good size and good quality . 
apparently she was wearing it the following day and following week . 
her mother said she pretty much figured it out all by herself . 
we have several boxes of these melissa and doug bead sets b c 
we just can not get enough of them ! 
my boys love this too ! ! ! 
it 's a great exercise for their fine motor skills ! 
not suggested for small children who will mistake them for pieces of candy . 
the size is great , having pocahontas and mulan included is a big bonus ... 
they are so hard to find . 
buying 8 princesses for under 9 bucks ... can not beat it . 
the tights are nice and thick . 
the skirt and jacket are well made . 
they all fit my american girl doll perfectly . 
the outfit is absolutely adorable ! 
the second setting , where you can only go forward is very loud ! 
fun game ! 
the grandchildren love it . 
the light green circle fills with water between the two tubes . 
for really young babies , it just is n't safe . 
once she gets older , we will be using this . 
we bought this last christmas for our 6 month old . 
she played with it that day and has n't looked at it since . 
our 4 year old however loves it . 
i did find that our daughter liked the traditional drum better ! 
my 20 month old granddaughter loves all things lego - duplo . 
these are terrific for her imagination and dexterity . 
perfect for the mike the knight lover in your house ! 
very fun to play with . 
would highly recommend this toy ! 
my daughter is now crawling and loves to crawl after it 
but it is great when they are crawling . 
i could find these for and are still lasting after think 6 months . 
i got 400 of them . 
kids love these 
this a great toy for young child . 
and it has a lot of places that triggers sounds and noises . 
this is hands down my 4 year old 's favorite games . 
we even have the travel version , she loves it so much . 
got two of these , one for each child . 
they operate on a b frequencies so you can use two simultaneously . 
the seem to have a great range considering they use ir instead of rf . 
the helicopters run for about 10 minutes and require a 45 minute charge . 
for the price these are great 
we had four .   
one must have died in transit .   
one of the chrysalides hatched days before the others . 
i know it 's not blood-- 
it 's    
34 waste matter ,   34   which is n't a whole lot better ... 
honestly , i have no idea 
i ' m guessing we had some seriously meconium - filled butterflies!anyway 
so we could set them free and throw away the netting . 
it 's sitting out in the yard just where we set them free!i 
know that it 's a fact of life , 
the beauty of nature , blah blah . 
awesome ! ! 
nice price and beautiful . has material dress and fits perfectly in dream castle . 
also goes great with the prince doll . 
my daughter loves it ! 
works well as a r c car .   
works well as a r c robot -- a rare creature indeed .   
dart shooting is smooth and works in both modes .   
battery life is good for r c.   - requires 8 aa batteries    
i ordered this for my granddaughter    she loves it . 
she has so much fun with it 
i just ordered her another one ! ! ! ! 
i have no problem with the seller . 
i am just not too fond of these two dolls . 
i thought they were supposed to be white tigers . 
regret spending   60 for them . 
i have found these match games to be a great eduction tool ! highly recommend 
this is fun doll for the tub . 
i ' ve noticed that most little ones like washing something at bath time . 
plus it 's easier on parents when kids are distracted ! 
i purchased this shopping cart for my granddaughter . 
it is very durable and realistic . 
she has enjoyed playing with it . 
this was for my grand daughters first birthday and she loves it . 
we got the same one for my other grand daughter last year 
other than that , the blocks are high quality . 
any little girl would love to get this for a gift . 
it would also make a wonderful easter gift . 
pay attention to the measurements . 
just the right size for a two year old toddler . 
this game is like ticket to ride 's big brother . 
great questions and lots of fun with the kids . 
this has become quite a hit at the dinner table . 
fun for the whole gang ! 
my only gripe with this is that its top speed is pretty slow . 
i wish they went a little faster . 
this one is the most stable of all in this class . 
i like that it had wheels instead of skids . 
this one does n't look as cool as the others . 
he 's very happy with it . 
it 's a perfect size    it lights up better than i expected . 
my older niece has gotten into crafting . 
she was quite exited to open this for christmas this year . 
i hope she completes it . 
we got this for my 8 year old son for his birthday . 
so i sent this set with my son since technically it is electronic     
great!i look forward to purchasing additional sets . highly recommend ! 
the eye openings are nice and large , which keeps things safer . 
overall , a good value and i would purchase again at this price . 
the boots take a lot of muscle to pull off and put on . 
i have a hard time doing it . 
it 's kinda shocking when your not expecting it . 
there 's so much to keep her busy . 
she can learn to read , and even write , mess - free . 
because it 's easily portable she even takes it with her in the car . 
unfortunately it only comes with one downloadable book   big surprise ....   
so be prepared to shell out more money for additional features . 
it is a great educational game for teaching deductive reasoning and asking questions properly . 
after misplacing the older version , i purchased the version now being sold . 
the quality is incredibly poor . 
then i had to use tweezers to get the counter attached . 
the older version was much sturdier and did not have these problems . 
bought this years ago for my grandson and now my little granddaughter uses it . 
it has lasted through many falls , uses etc . 
i would recommend this for those reason . 
yet it has lasted to be a hand me down toy . 
but she love it . 
having just one size of gear is not a drawback . 
and this set does work well with the expansion sets.gears ! 
i hope the kids interest in it will be as ardent as mine.jerry 
solid product , long lasting and fun toy , completes the rescue bot set . 
easy for little hands to play with . 
all around nice and safe product . 
this set is inexpensive but not cheap . 
these are a must for any track builder ! 
i love melissa    doug products . 
this is a great toy to help with motor skills . 
not only does the child have to hold the    34 pole   
34   to get it over the magnet 
my kids love this ! 
m sure i will end up doing that anyway !   
the quality of this toy is great , as with all vtech . 
overall , great toy ! ! 
what more could you ever want in life ? 
but it 's even more than that ! 
got ta love it ! 
so much fun , every kid should have the experience ! 
love it . 
shop around for the price . 
130 shipped is more than fair and what i paid . 
if you buy this somewhere that offers assembly .... do it ! 
no matter the cost . 
in return they will give you magic gems . 
the game is for 2 - 4 players , ages 8 and up . 
the talking book requires 3 aa batteries that are not included . 
this is the first furby we ' ve had in our house . 
i was determined not to get caught up in the melee of getting one . 
but i stumbled across on at costco at a great price 
so i picked it up for my 9 year - old daughter for christmas . 
it is funny how it progresses and it can change personality . 
my daughter has had fun as well . 
this is a nice tractor ! 
i really appreciate the in between size . 
it 's not too big and not too small . 
you should pick up at least one of every expansion pack to this game . 
i at our store had vader   tie advanced     
easy to grip . 
a product you 'd expect from crayola . 
washes and wipes away from table easily when crayon leaves coloring surface 
my kids do n't regularly watch it on tv 
but they like battling with this sword . 
the sword is about 2 feet long . 
the handle is gray and white and the blade is blue with lights inside . 
it runs on 3 aa batteries that are included . 
i bought this for my grandaughter who loves to do crafty things . 
this was great for her to create her own books . 
i have my own mask . 
we love them . 
these are the original parts of good quality and work great . 
they arrived even earlier than i thought they would . 
i 'll be honest - in the box 
these are not the most impressive looking roller skates . 
they 're all plastic and really bulky . 
you then use a velcro ankle strap to lock them in . 
right out of the box 
these things are good to go inside the house . 
setting two only lets the wheels roll forward . 
also , it rings a bell repeatedly as they roll forward . 
the third setting lets the wheels spin freely , sans noises . 
i loaned my ipod to my kid and he broke it . 
i was very fortunate to discover theyodeling pickle . 
i have been super pleased with the results . 
nothing like this is available for the pickle . 
cheaper than an ipod and the chicks seem to dig it . 
we received this for christmas for our non - crawling 11 mo . 
it was a great toy back then , too . 
it was easy to wrap , open and recycle . 
it stings but is not painful . 
wow , if you like an aquarium these are a must ! 
they are very small . 
this car is bigger and cuter than the roadster . 
bought it for my daughter for christmas . 
she loved it ! 
it 's a sturdy car for play too ! 
a very good value . 
bought the helicopter and replacement parts for my husband , and he loves them . 
i sat with my 7-year old and watched him put everything together . 
is a fun and reasonably priced addition to the lego city line . 
ok , i made that last part up . 
love this toy . 
very movie accurate ! 
lots of detail on this guy . 
i will probably remove mine , since the movie thing never had them . 
this game is my 4 year old daughters favourite ! ! 
she just keeps playing it over and over again 
and she learns as she plays . 
this is a beautiful toy ! 
lulu the fur real cat is so much fun . 
my 4 1 2 year old daughter received her for christmas and was thrilled ! 
i find myself petting her as i walk past her . 
we can not have a pet cat right now 
so this is the next best thing . 
we ' ve been very happy with lulu   
she is a really great gift for a child who loves cats ! 
the graphics are horrible- 
what a waste- 
amazon prime you never cease to amaze me . 
amazon prime . 
i wanted to be cautious . 
it is an amazing set piece except its and action figure . 
be careful with him . 
the details on this guy is ridiculous ! 
paint is amazing , sculpt crazy awesome ! , accessories pretty good too . 
really good for   20 bucks . 
this moon rocket is great . 
this was an incentive for potty training for our son . 
we are looking at purchasing a lot more from playmobil . 
great product ! 
i love it . 
we have the full size spirograph for my daughter . 
it went over well .   
my 4 year old loves all the games that are included in this . 
she uses the color and key typing all the time . 
i would deffinately recomend for 3 - 5 year olds . 
i really wish that i had this toy when i was a child ! 
as with most barbie toys , the dolls are not included with this . 
love the outfit and bag with this doll . 
a perfect replica of the outfit in scaris   city if frights ! 
she like fabulous in her lavender car   purchased seperate . 
lends to hundreds of hours of ghoul play in a london setting . 
simply amazing in shaping and color , love this product 
her comments are 1 . 
the camera accessory being reviewed has the same tough feel . 
seems durable enough for the age group.2 . 
it has a screw on cover that you have to keep somewhere . 
she thought that this was a needless addition . 
the camera installed and worked without the need to consult the instructions . 
that 's pretty decent . 
the rough system requirements are   
well - built and true to characters in appearance . 
worth the price imo . 
our 24 month old finds this toy slightly boring . 
he probably plays with it about twice a day ... 
maybe only 5 - 10 minutes total through the entire day . 
i will say that the loop works very well ! 
for that reason alone , it got 4 instead of 3 stars . 
the set came with a plane which sings and talks and makes noises . 
i purchased a vtech helicopter separately . 
we ' ve told them the planes are going to the airport . 
now they know what an airport is ! 
i would highly recommend this playset . 
we all had a great time with this . 
the little tree is full.i suggest this kit to anyone at all ! 
this is a fun puzzle game . 
it 's a game version of connect the dots . 
you have to get this little ball around the maze from 1 to 100 . 
not very easy to do , but addicting . 
8 year old and 11 year old girls fight over it . 
so much family fun ! ! 
my 4 and 6 year old love it ! ! 
i bought it for my son 's 3rd birthday . 
i made sure to follow the instructions very carefully . 
i guess it could get into the wiring or something . 
probably best played with 4 people . 
a great present for a 3 y.o . 
this item really encourages free play and creativity development . 
my grand daughters have learned to swim underwater chasing these things around ! 
came in a timely manner . 
very easy to set up . 
my son loves to play with it alot . 
little tikes is a great brand 
he combines cars , robots , and dinosaurs into one great toy . 
this toy looks so cute but does not work . 
the songs get hung up or keep restarting . 
it gets stuck in a mode that keeps repeating   lullaby 10 minutes    
lullaby 20 minutes    environmental 10 minutes    
environmental 20 minutes . 
if you want it for a stuffed animal , fine . 
if you want it for the lullaby - buy something else ! 
i am very taken by miniature stuff . 
but this dollhouse is miniature but still big enough to play house . 
it will weather tugs of children on playdates . 
each room with a wallpapered wall is indicative of the room 's purpose . 
this game is ok , but not really that much fun . 
she is almost 7 now though . 
you can not get a better heli for this price    22 . 
there is no motor in this toy . 
the namer is a bit deceptive . 
it is a simple wood    plastic toy car . 
the wheels and bit come off for some creative swapping and rebuilding . 
i 'd have made the wheel switching minus the small yellow connection bits . 
if the connector bits are lost the wheels can not go on the car . 
a careful kid who likes to tinker would enjoy this set . 
i love the idea with these . 
my toddler got these for christmas . 
the fact that it is smaller is great for her play kitchen . 
i got a nice deal on this 
and it 's great . 
the difference is that this game is electronic and it chooses who goes next . 
select how much time you want between each turn . 
then you hit the play pause button to get the game started . 
the game tells you who goes first by making the players button blink . 
nonetheless , it still includes color instruction booklet to build . 
this runs with a motor that needs 2 aa batteries . 
just keep in mind that the pieces are smaller 
total time it took us to build was about 45 minutes . 
laughs at gil because he is so silly and is always doing funny things . 
a great birthday gift and perfect for my little girl . 
my sons each got these dinosaurs for christmas . 
they are a hit . 
they play with them everyday . 
if you buy a cash register you must buy extra money . 
good quality too ! 
this is an okay toy . 
i bought it for my 2 year old for christmas . 
will save it for when she 's taller . 
they played and played with it for that one glorious hour . 
it states that the ages are three - eight years old . 
does require good use of imagination and seems to be sturdy and well made . 
i bought this as a gift so i have not played with it . 
however , she could certainly play a fairy princess ! 
there are plenty of cheaper barbies you can get for changing their clothes . 
the popularity of zhu zhu pets came out of nowhere , it seemed . 
little electronic hamsters that make sounds and crawl along the floor ? ? 
are these little hamsters worth their price ? 
retail price , yes . 
anything over that 
, no.this was my daughter 's first zhu zhu pet , num nums . 
he 's pretty cute with the little heart on its back . 
it looks weird , and i ' 
and then you 'll be out of a num 
built kind of crappy in my opinion , it seemed like it lost 
it 's fun factor with the kiddos pretty quick . 
but whatever makes them happy right riiiiighttttt ! 
it 's perfect and he loves it . 
he plays with it every day . 
but i ca nt complain for the price . 
overall it was easy to install and is a nice addition to our playroom . 
i would n't pay full price for this though . 
if you can find the games , this is a great product . 
it is easy to use and has lots of activities . 
assembly was simple   a few pieces snap together and you add some stickers . 
just be sure to have batteries available ! 
if it 's a train my three year old loves it . 
and if he gets bored we can have the tiger eat the koala bear . 
as far as toy prices go i 'd say it 's a fare price . 
love this pirate tent . 
it has held up very well and they love it . 
all a mom could ask for ! 
my son loves that he can do it just like daddy . 
all the pieces fit with in the caddy so storage is nice and easy . 
if you do have the table the ice cream stand does not fit int 
he table storage area . 
you need to take it apart to fit it in there . 
so that problem was solved nicely . 
this thing became an instant favorite ! 
my daughter loves this dinosaur . 
it is built well and she sleeps with it every night . 
the kit takes some creativity because it is n't self - contained . 
you have to search out certain everyday items to do the experiments . 
this set makes it easy and fun . 
it will even gross out the kids ! 
i got it because it 's exactly opposite of what i would normally like . 
there are some great projects for a rainy or snowy day . 
previously i purchased a smaller , 16-inch inflatable globe for the kids . 
too big to roll around the floor without knocking things over . 
too big to just sort of   use   to connect point a 
thankfully , this comes without the need for batteries ! 
some items , like the seashells , are not painted at all . 
i could invite friends over because i had two cars . 
one stinkin ' car . 
my 9 year old did it in record time . 
the instructions are pretty simple.a nice little set , except , one car . 
this barbie glam pool is an ok product . 
nice it comes with the chair and drinks ect ... 
plastic is thin had got a hole in it was from the little brother . 
overall ok product and would recommend 
i had received one other   scene it ?   
game -with one exception . 
it was really annoying that a good percentage   30 ?   
my favorite one was the animated game which was a real hoot . 
i would say that if you really like   scene it ? 
, then this is four stars . 
the 12 piece puzzles for him are no longer challenging . 
this is perfect for him . 
the older version is way better ... 
this is cheap and not worth the money . 
and even takes a dip in the pool every now 
and then   he floats btw ! ! . 
perfect for a 3 year old ! 
purchased this as a birthday present for my 2 year old granddaughter . 
she loves it . 
she said the umbrella and cover are the best features . 
cover is sturdy , fits tight and is easy to secure . 
she does n't have a preference - just pure enjoyment . 
he is 2.5 now . 
the edges are worn and some of the pictures are peeling . 
but i just tape them down . 
i love this dollhouse and so does my daughter ! 
we purchased it for her 3rd birthday . 
i would buy it again in a heartbeat ! 
i purchased this monkey for my granddaughter addie jones and she loves it . 
there 's lots of activities with instructions . 
i wish it came with another practice sheet tho . 
the scissors really are safe and they cut great , mine did not break . 
my son is 11-months - old 
my son is now 31 months old . 
our hardwood floors have enough dents without this toy . 
my ten year old lives and breathes football . 
i died when i first saw this product . 
i saw this on amazon , ordered it and it arrived in just days . 
she loves them ! 
she loves to search for the specific element too . 
my 3 year olds also loves to play with them just as blocks . 
i am very satisfied with my purchase . 
my daughter got this toy as a gift a little over a year ago . 
i had no problems programming it on my computer . 
i was quite impressed with all of the options , but she was n't . 
over the past year she has become much more fond of elmo . 
i also hav n't changed the batteries since we bought him over a year ago 
and he still works . 
talk about energy efficient ! 
her toy desperately needs to be updated . 
anyways , this was definately a great gift ! 
he has played with it everyday since christmas . 
this feature makes the toy . 
the toy is made of plastic but it is not cheaply constructed . 
german toys have a high level of quality from my experience . 
i would compare the plastic to that of my son 's imaginext toys . 
it is a well made toy and gets the imagination going . 
we have no allergies 
so i can not give information on that portion . 
i loved shrinky dinks when i was a kid 
so i was totally geeked to find this toy for my daughter . 
if you do n't move super fast it begins to melt on the heating 
part.2   the storage drawer holds only some of the accessories . 
i wish it came with pink and purple pencils too . 
i went and bought some , but they 're full sized 
so they do n't fit in the storage drawer either.4   
it would be nice if the top of the entire machine was see through . 
it does kind of smell like it 's going to catch fire any minute 
so i ' m careful not to leave it plugged in too long . 
definitely keep little fingers away . 
my son is obsessed with squinkies ! 
this lego game is more fun than expected . 
this obviously involve more thinking and strategy .   
our whole family played   2 parents    kids ages 7 and 5 . 
i highly recommend this game to everyone ! 
the amount of fun is well worth the price paid ! 
my children   2 and 4   love this chicken ! 
the doors do come off but they pop back on easily . 
my older child likes to disassemble her and put the doors back on . 
so they 'd stop fighting over it . 
luckily there are three chicks to share . 
my kids highly recommend this adorable hen and her babies ! 
our 2 year old daughter loves this play house ! 
its a keeper ! 
my son absolutely loves these games . 
he loves bashing the aliens and the number bash . 
it buys mom and dad some valuable time . 
this is not a good product . 
save your money . 
this is so messy , crumbly and dry . 
after one use i had to vacuum it all up off the floor . 
you can not build anything with it . 
just trying to roll a ball was a difficult task . 
very , very disappointed ! ! 
i just did n't like it . 
we bought this for my youngest son 's first birthday . 
however , it seems very well made . 
the minifigs , like any chima minifig , are awesome ! 
the best part about this minifigs is , of course , their headpieces . 
the markings and detailings on their bodies are also neat . 
one is carried by laval . 
this weapon is pretty nice . 
the one , carried by crawley is also good . 
it looks pretty nice . 
the front of the vehicle is shaped just like a lion 's head ! 
the treads on the vehicle look very nice . 
and there are four of them ! 
there 's one decent - sized gun on the back of the vehicle . 
this gun has good mobility . 
also , there 's a knob on the side of the gun . 
i hate stickers ... 
i wish lego would permanently do away with stickers and use only printed bricks . 
it 's worth it ! 
bought this for granddaughter for christmas . 
sure beats the knock offs hands down . 
she will love it . 
she is really into unicorns . 
this is a great gun ! 
it is so easy to reload the darts . 
it out does any of the other guns ! 
we got this for our child last year 
and she still loves it . 
she has droped it many times with out braking it . 
the sounds that the animals make make it even more fun to play with . 
batterys last a while too . 
good investment . 
these have been great for her . 
the funnel like opening is really effective in keeping the mess and drips contained . 
i got the melissa and doug jumbo paintbrushes to go with these . 
i just wish that there were more of them ! 
i would love to have pink and purple and some other colors . 
this was exactly what my v911 needed . 
parts installed easily and i was back flying in no time . 
keep one for a spare . 
they are addressing the issue . 
the advertised range was not something i achieved . 
they claim you can fire 100 feet . 
beyond 60 feet there was a lot of curve in the shots . 
you get just six in the box . 
they are larger than regular nerf darts   almost twice as large . 
they are also less rigid . 
this results in more jamming and misfires . 
the darts also whistle , which is neat . 
it is over 40   34   long . 
that makes sense , longer barrel , longer range . 
i think the length is going to prevent a smaller kid from using it . 
my husband loves this helicopter , he plays with it almost every night . 
i enjoy the interaction more than her . 
i got tired of the 4 - 5 repeated phrases . 
this angry birds plush backpack clip is just cute . 
will clip it somewhere safe . 
just a fun novelty to have . 
it 's about 3   in diameter and the clip is pretty sturdy . 
gets adults talking and makes people smile . 
adorable fun ! 
it is small , but so cute . 
it was such a perfect end of school present and i highly recommend it ! 
the darts come out pretty quickly and they shoot a long way ... 
i would say 50 feet or more . 
real or otherwise . 
the accuracy was inconsistent as we often missed our targets . 
i like puzzles for the problem solving skills they encourage . 
they also help develop eye hand coordination . 
this thomas puzzle also had us talking about the different colors . 
i have boy girl twin grandchildren who will be 3 in a week . 
this thomas puzzle caught their interest because they like thomas . 
this did n't bother the kids . 
they quickly picked up on the blue border and needing to line them up . 
it was nice watching them work together.my one complaint   
and it 's a small one   
they kept asking who each one was . 
after watching that , she is even more interested in this particular game now . 
adorable little dinosaur masks that the kids will love . 
i would recommend and buy again . 
28 pieces at what price?!?sets this size were expenive at   5.99 . 
replay!check out the soccer , karate , and magic show sets . 
both the controller and car have two identical , small black switches . 
you push one button and the car performs a signature stunt . 
our car flips upside down and all around and it is pretty cool 
- my daughter really likes that . 
our 2 year old daughter loves mili and this is exactly what she wanted . 
durable stitching . 
34   which was a nice addition . 
great kids toy . 
and it looks great on the shelf .... worth the purchase ... 
this set is a must - have for fans of the lego movie ! 
no where 's my pants guy though 
, you 'll have to look through the 16-mini - figure collection for him . 
overall , this is an awesome , important , fun and unique set ! 
i highly recommend it ! ! 
plus the games do n't have to last very long . 
highly recommended for parents with young kids say between 10 - 15 . 
a nice addition to family gaming night . 
not only was it an unbelievable deal but its a great toy . 
i got it as a christmas gift for my 2 year old son . 
it was very easy to put together - took about 20 minutes to assemble . 
its only been 3 days 
a great size . 
there is an automatic shut off . 
this is a great toy that i would recommend for toddlers 3 and under . 
even at full price its still cheaper than comparable toys 
and you do n't have to hook it up to the tv . 
i love this game ! 
i guess he 's more of a critical thinker than me . 
kind of why i purchased the game in the first place . 
still trying to build on those skills . 
this is a very cute little tea set . 
my daughters   and sons   enjoy it a lot . 
i think the set will hold up very well too . 
love the price for the variety of colors and vibrancy of these markers . 
my girls also love the scented ones . 
i love this classic version of clue . 
it has all of the well - remembered characters , rooms and weapons . 
the game pieces are sturdy and the game board is colorful . 
this game is more appropriate for children age 10 and over . 
adults also will find it engaging and fun . 
bought for an angel tree gift for a 10 year old . 
he likes video games and star wars , so it should be a hit . 
this thing is fine . 
it is just not something to get very excited about . 
it is what it is . 
it is cheap but functional . 
i buy it locally for   ...........   per roll . 
although the leapfrog learn to write with mr . 
pencil app is only available for apple ios   iphone , ipad , etc . 
that make good use for this . 
our nephew really loved it . 
i bought this for my baby for christmas and everyone loves it ! 
they play with it everyday several times a day . 
the fun music plays and the balls pop out . 
but that is half the fun . 
the kids run all over chasing balls . 
it is a great time for all and the kids love it . 
have fun ! ! 
but it was worth having this gaming system as well . 
they take them everywhere and play with them often . 
they truly are adorable toys . 
this little outdoor cafe is no different . 
i wish they had this sort of thing when i was a kid ! 
maybe they should have made them a neon color to help us ? 
my main complaint is the price . 
i estimate   20 to be a more reasonable price than msrp   
you can not fly it without the propellers . 
after family discussion we rate it using amazon 's rating system of 4 stars    
it took him two days about two hours total . 
it is so cute and tiny . 
i love that it does n't take up a ton of space . 
i will be buying more of these . 
i love spaghetti westerns , but i do n't like this game . 
there 's a lot of annoying   take that !   
how is that fun ? 
it is n't , at least not to me . 
these kind of games do nothing for me.update   just playedbang !   
the dice gameand have to say it 's much better than the original . 
the art is much nicer in the dice game too . 
i bought this at the bullseye store for about 25   more . 
i understand that this means they did n't actually have to pay for the toy 
, so i sat it next to him . 
he really likes it . 
but he seemed to enjoy the songs and the monkey quite a bit . 
so despite my worries , the reviews here were solid . 
it 's a great toy . 
we own an ipod . 
our baby wants to eat it . 
my only complaint would be the video that is clearly misleading . 
when you push the paw , it goes to that activity within the app . 
very happy with this purchase 
ravensburger makes very good quality puzzles . 
they are well cut and the pieces fit together nicely . 
so quality wise , these are top . 
this puzzle is a panorama view puzzle which means it is very very long . 
this is 52 inches long- over 4 feet . 
i needed to put this together on the floor . 
my daughter wanted dresses for her barbies for christmas and we got her these . 
this is and always has been a great game . 
my kids set it up just for the fun . 
great family game night . 
i love   monster high .   
it 's cute , and it sends a good message to girls . 
it did n't need to be washed extensively , like some other dolls . 
they still will go on , but it 's still a pain . 
it 's a shame because they 're actually pretty cute ! 
other than that , she 's excellent . 
i would highly recommend this doll to any   monster high   fan . 
very nice . 
well made , and has n't malfunctioned one time . 
only wish it had a bigger screen . 
it is pretty small . 
otherwise , i think any child would love one of these . 
i highly recommend it.update-stopped working , and warranty is very brief . 
just do n't think it will last a lifetime . 
ours made it almost a year , i think . 
it is not . 
educationally , great ! 
hence we bought another one . 
it is what it is . 
the only problem is they break easily if handled roughly , so several broke . 
i wish they had been made sturdier . 
the children get frustrated when they break but still have fun playing with them . 
we bought this for our son for christmas and he really likes it . 
it was easy to put together and he enjoys playing with it . 
if your kids like the show , they would probably enjoy this set . 
for sale is perfect ! 
it 's easy to explain , fun to play and really quick . 
i bought this for my husband for christmas . 
very entertaining . 
my daughter loves sofia and we just started out getting a few sofia toys . 
i got this for her stocking for christmas and she loves it . 
very good quality . 
win - win - win . 
i call him   baby batman , hah , 
which should apparently say   back to the batcave !   
a good buy . 
all the pieces fall off and disappearcomplete junk not recommended 
but it 's hard to say no to your child 
i love that you get a song about the hybrid animals . 
it 's so funny and silly . 
i ' m glad the toy is not bigger than it needs to be . 
i bought this for my granddaughter and she really likes it . 
she plays with it all the time . 
awesome price ! 
well worth it ! 
my son loves it ! 
i saved at least   40 . 
worked out great ! 
this game is so much fun    will keep you rolling on floor laughing . 
caution , not for the easily offended 
she 's happy using her feet for now . 
i would wager this will be in this family a long time.sorcha 
i can have several toys out and they 'll both crawl to this one . 
they usually end up sitting next each other playing it together . 
they love when the sun moves his head . 
we can not get over how much they smile when playing with this toy . 
they actually liked it when they were 4 - 5 mo old , too . 
it 's a definite hit . 
thanks much alex ! 
de r eacute sistance   in the series of 
his compatibility with other mechtech products that are out on the market . 
appropriate for the licensing tie in but nothing special here . 
large display window . 
the two shorter ones can rotate about 90 degrees . 
this provides a small level of customization but in the end is purely cosmetic . 
the larger two wings tend to snap off very easily . 
the best implementation of the armor is in the arms . 
this helps keep the armor attached when rotating the arms of the figure . 
the armor on the legs however is a different story . 
over 50   of that size is from the armor . 
the figure itself is about the size of a voyager class optimus prime figure . 
i was impressed at the level of articulation in this version . 
good likeness of character . 
fun to play with.cons   forearm size may be a turn off for some . 
as a peterbilt truck , optimus prime 's look is much more interesting . 
when transformed into vehicle mode , this toy looks awesome ! 
nice overall look . 
once removed , the optimus prime figure alone seems a lot less imposing . 
this for many people is one of the main attractions of the transformers series . 
i personally enjoy the challenge and this particular figure does not disappoint . 
fit together well . 
nice level of challenge.cons   steep learning curve . 
it is challenging enough to keep him busy for ten or fifteen minutes . 
this is a high quality product at a good price . 
i highly recommend this puzzle . 
finding toys however was a challenge . 
these were perfect to add to her christmas stocking ! 
you might check around for competitive prices for the item . 
this arrived in plenty of time for my granddaughter 's birthday ! ! 
i really wanted a stroller for my little boy to push . 
this is the only one i could find that was not pink . 
i wish it was a little taller   not much though . 
i found this to be very cheaply made . 
i expected something a little heavier from crayola . 
this is just a cheap piece of thin plastic that i see ripping easily . 
it does what is expected 
but if you want something that will last then i suggest another product . 
even the shoulder armor is a mini work of art . 
i do n't even run around to stores looking for these anymore . 
re   breakage . 
and all the joints were solid and clean . 
the plastic quality seemed high grade and not too soft or too stiff . 
you take your chances with everything you buy 
also the card art and biography info on the cardback were all top notch . 
i would highly recommend this game . 
it has a very attractive board . 
i do n't think this game will have mass appeal . 
it involves logic , working memory and problem solving , for five year olds . 
when my son first played it at 4.5 years he was n't interested . 
at 5 yrs old he loves playing it . 
perfect gift for girls 8 and more ... 
my daughter is waiting for this gift .... 
i will post her reaccion 
my 5 yr old is obsessed with all the superheros 
so he wanted to collect all the masks and accesories . 
this one is of very good quality 
but i have seen ripped ones of them at the store . 
had this one for a year now 
and it still has n't broke . 
my 5 yo loves the imaginext series . 
it comes with two characters -- superman and a villain . 
there is a turntable that causes a door to open when activated . 
several projectile missiles are provided . 
nice edition to the other imaginext sets ie the batcave . 
this will probably be more fun for the 7 and younger super hero fan . 
my baby loves this toy ! 
fun songs , volume control and great size for her little hands . 
my 3 year old likes it as well 
my grandson   2 yrs   loves these buddies . 
these seem to be very durable and clean up well . 
these are much easier to see than the green dice . 
having more dice is nice for those end - game battles . 
i have gotten really good at putting things together for my 15 month old . 
i got this to take my don and his friend to the park . 
the wagon looks great , storage case is big but not bulky . 
it is nicely cushioned seats . 
why i gave it a 2 is because the instructions were not very clear . 
i wish it was more detailed . 
to correct the problem is impossible . 
i will just deal with it 
there does n't seem to be an on off switch . 
seems to turn itself on when touched to the page . 
i think it 's really interesting that it just works with the book . 
i picked random pages out of each book and did the activity 
and it was always right on where it was supposed to be!my younger son 
it says that it vibrates 
but i did n't witness this.there are tons of hot dots products 
34 mommy ! 
she 's not wearing panties !   
she exclaimed . 
thanks monster high . 
merry christmas . 
fit 's my daughter 's american girl perfectly ! 
this toy has been growing with my baby as she reaches her toddler years . 
our grandson loves thomas the train    his track . 
we found this set of straight pieces at amazon.com    they are perfect . 
they fit the thomas track perfectly . 
now his track is long enough to run around the edge of his table .... 
being only 2 years old 
this is a sturdy little truck . 
i read a lot of bad reviews on this product 
but i decided to try it anyway . 
i am glad i did . 
i used a very roomy plastic cup for each one . 
the animals are slimy when you first get them out 
but we wiped them with paper towels and all was fine . 
my granddaughter loves this   8 years old . 
basically a pink ball that gets occasional white smudges on it . 
that is what we got at least . 
this copter was fun for the short amount of time it was working . 
the cons are this .... - short battery life . 
yes most remote control things are but this is only 5 - 8 minutes . 
it takes alot of control to make this thing run smoothly . 
took it outside 
this is clearly something for someone with a gentle touch . 
i ' m actually not sure . 
i 'd like to say some positive things 
but every thought i had has 
a    34 but ...   
34   at the end 
based on cons above . 
i ' m pretty much done buying remote control things for my son . 
all have been disappointing in some way or another . 
my second oldest daughter   2   received this doll as a st . 
nicholas day gift and has not put her down since she received it ! 
even my oldest daughter   4   loves to play with this baby doll ! 
she has a soft body too . highly recommended ! 
if you press in the black circle , it makes the appropriate sound . 
i gave this bookcase to my grandchildren and it is wonderful . 
i was surprised at how the quality of the material it has . 
it was all sturdy and high quality . 
my son said it was incredibly easy to put together . 
the parts were marked for easy assembly . 
he was able to use only a screwdriver and patience . 
they have books in it   it will not fit large books though   
i noticed they are also storing some toys particularly their small farm animals . 
i guess they think it 's a real barn . 
it 's cute and brightens their whole room . 
they are so entranced with it.highly recommended . 
it 's high quality is such a pleasure . 
after many many many uses this puzzle is still in excellent condition . 
a couple of the corners show some wear but that 's to be expected . 
and it is holding up well . 
they are really nice shoes that fit the american doll . 
my granddaughter will love these shoes for her american doll . 
its a makeup kit for kids . 
these were the worsy water colors we have ever used . 
they got goopy and runny after one use . 
do not buy these . 
this figure is badass 
the cart , the chair , he bench , the everything is so pretty . 
the colors they are painted are bod and not dull . 
love it ! 
i purchased this toy 7 months ago . 
i expected the quality to be better . 
i really like the toy and my daughter loves it . 
this is a great classic toy i am just unhappy with the paint . 
wish i would have gone with another brand . 
so after its all assembled - it 's ok . 
the fun for this game is mostly when playing it with others.quality   
overall , this is an ok game   the app is more fun   
that 's fun to play every now and then with others . 
34   for thos who did n't come in costume 
, these worked out perfectly    all of the kids fit in perfectly together . 
this is a present for my 10 year old grand daughter . 
i have n't played this myself , but it looked like a fun one 
we love plan toys and now have several components of the plan city . 
it is a diverse world.but 
these look terrible . 
why such sterotypical clothing , hair , and costumes . 
i am not asian 
but i could n't buy these for him . 
i do n't understand . 
this is a thai company-- am i missing something ? 
this toy is fun and educational . 
the cups can be stacked paired off to make balls . 
he is now three and he knows all of his letters and sounds . 
he also plays the mouse games very well 
he always insists it starts with   x ! 
we played for hours with this toy with the grandtwins . 
shot the dogs and it ddid n't bother them . 
shot the lamp , never broke . 
fun toy to use indoors without any hazards . 
always a go to , and never too long . 
and i see the light in my daughter 's eyes each time 
great purchase ! 
hilarious , right?there 's a few problems . 
but it will not be traveling very far . 
we love playing this game . 
i 'd like to play it more ! 
we love feed the woozle ! 
i love the fact that the kids have to get up and move ! 
that is why it is fun for the spectators as well ! 
very cute , cooperative , interactive game ! 
way to go peaceable kingdom ! 
i bought this as a holiday gift for one of my nephews this year . 
classic and simple ... easy for children to learn . 
this was giving to our son when he turned 3yo . 
he now knows every pa rt of this book . 
but it is falling apart .... 
and it has n't needed reprogramming . 
she loves books and has plenty of leapfrog toys , including l - max . 
i think this toy really aids in reading comprehension . 
my daughter is very excited when she gets the right answer . 
her favorite dvd so far is chicka chicka boom boom   
one of her favorite books .as 
i think read with me dvd is an excellent toy to grow with . 
our remote is the actual zenith one that came with our player . 
this is a classic fun educational game . 
it may even stump you . 
it is challenging , especially if you are racing against another person . 
this was the perfect gift for my niece , who loves my little pony . 
it arrived on time and in good condition . 
bright and colorful as the picture . 
i was quite pleased with it . 
my son really likes it . 
the cart also fits a decent amount . 
you just can not throw a bunch of things in there that are big . 
it 's sturdy 
and we ' ve had no issues . 
the wheels also roll easily . 
oh well we have fun ! ! 
this one is no different . 
cut   34   off with the    34 magical scissors   34 . 
what little girl would n't love magical scissors ? 
everything about this doll radiates glamor . 
she has a tiara , a sparkly necklace , pink and sparkly flowered dress . 
and she is still as pretty as ever . 
the safe    34 scissors   34   are my favorite part . 
this will provide fun for little girls of all ages . 
after seeing the same doll at another store i realized that it was not . 
overall , these dolls are very high play quality . 
has never had this problem . 
mattel was very responsive when i called them , btw . 
this is the best pool torpedo we have used . 
we have small torpedoes that we misplace in the pool constantly . 
the swimways toypedo glides easily thru the water . 
it is great for all ages . 
easy enough for a little one to catch . 
molly is cute and well made . 
she has been washed a few times and still looks great . 
my granddaughter loves her . 
this favorite has been around at least 20 years . 
my grown kids had one when they were young . 
bought it for my little autistic grandson . 
he uses it during therapy . 
pop out as a reward . 
great toy for play and for fun for any age . 
the case is essential if you are buying the leapster ! 
it 's a must ! 
it has room for two games and four extra batteries , or four games . 
she really love this thing . 
she plays with it in and out of the tub . 
first , you must know , my children are artists . 
they draw , color , sculpt , and create every single day . 
they know the difference between good art supplies and cheapie kiddie items . 
they are not equals .   
i thought they would be .   
in the other board , they were very frustrating .   
you 'll need 3 aa batteries that are not included . 
the other board comes with dry erase crayons .   
there is even a place on the back to store the markers . 
the markers are kind of a chalk   dry erase combo type of marker . 
you 'll actually need water to erase the pictures . 
it also has brackets on the back to hang it on the wall . 
this board has a closed frame . 
the light is between a clear plastic plate and the black background . 
i recognize that this is not anyone 's issue but 
i actually had high hopes for this game , however once we started playing it 
and frankly this is just a board game version of those two games ... 
267 pre - chosen actions 
this was my son 's first lego city item . 
he loved it and was immediately hooked ! ! 
wonderful lego quality and a fun factor that can not be passed up ! ! 
7 mos old . 
should be fun ! 
very stable    slow lol . was expecting more than a creep for speed . 
i found this guy in a walmart while i was on a trip . 
i could not even find him in my local area . 
but , lo and behold he was there ! 
he sits on my shelf now as a bulky mass of robot tank . 
his mean face stars down the opposing bad guys and 
his hulking porportions scare everything around him   hypothetically speaking . 
and it 's still not broken . 
also very easy for a child to start themselves . 
if your child loves to be read to   i highly recommend tj bearytales ! 
you ca nt go wrong with this leapster game ! 
in addition , it did n't come with very many stix . 
over a year later and still going strong . 
she now has other princess and regular lego duplo sets . 
no , it is building and changing and adding to the castle . 
i have legos from the 80 's that are still played with even today . 
i bought this bot for my 4 year old grandson . 
he loves it . 
it is easy to transform and it is a nice size for small hands . 
my great grandson is 4 and really getting into legos . 
with this set he can add on to the others he already has . 
it should serve him well .. 
i am not sure what other parents or babies see in this toy . 
then it was a little too late for him to love it . 
also , it is not soft so he did not cuddle with it . 
he was simply not interested in it . 
i finally accepted it and bought him the glowworm at 18 months . 
he cuddled the glowworm right away and called it baby . 
also , he turned the glowworm on and off very easily . 
so my advice ... this toy is not worth even a star . 
i have purchased every melissa    doug reusable sticker pad i could find . 
this is such a cute little toy . 
my son was excited to get it as a present . 
both of my boys have played with it together for long periods . 
i would have absolutely loved this when i was a little girl ! 
i am glad i bought it . 
my 2 year old twins love to swing in this seat . 
they would n't sit in a baby seat for a minute . 
if your baby toddler can sit upright get this swing . 
the seatbelt is great . 
i got this for my four year old and he likes it a lot . 
you can change the code as much as needed . 
my son does n't know 
we do n't tell his brothers that either . 
this case fits great and is very durable . 
it is a semi - flexible plastic , not silicone . 
it was a little difficult to get the tablet into the skin 
but i have no worries that it will fall off the tablet or tear . 
i was used with only indoor helis and with 3 ch . 
this is my first 4 ch . 
amazing how such a small heli can have 4 ch with tiny servos . 
but it has to be soft wind at all 
crashed it to ground some times and its like new . 
just shut of main rotor and leave it to crash . 
it 's a fun little set for little kids ! 
i got this item for my four year old son . 
my eight year old niece loved it and played with it for hours . 
m sure it will become one of my son 's favorites . 
very enjoyable . 
a iv drip 
my first child who is now 14 had a glow worm and loved it so 
naturally i wanted my second child who 's 9 months to have one too . 
my baby does not like the dark . 
every time we 're in the car at night 
she cries if there is n't some sort of light on . 
i used to have to sit in the back with her with a flashlight . 
these look great and the kids loved the look of them . 
however , at least 1 3 of them broke immediately . 
i can not recommend them . 
very fun . 
sound s good and color is okay . 
the screen is a bit smaller than expected . 
quality of the screen is not good either . 
i went with a different doll after receiving this one . 
i ' ve looked at leonardo 's three brothers already , 
so here 's my look at leonardo for completion 's sake!the facts 
hinged left and right toes , 
they 're big , bulky , and have such a pleasing aesthetic . 
leonardo comes with two katanas . 
they 're nice , look well proportioned , and fit nicely in his hands . 
they have a blue paint app on the handles . 
the articulation is outstanding . 
leonardo comes with a stand that is sculpted to look like a manhole cover . 
be careful with posing them and you should be fine .   
because these turtles have eyes , there have been some issues with the eyes . 
michelangelo 's and raphael 's were fine while donatello 's were quite wonky . 
leo 's are n't bad , but there are a couple angles where they look 
i love the tmnt and playmates has really delivered stellar versions of these characters . 
oh , and cowabunga ! 
to them it seems absolutely massive . 
sing a little sing . 
my little cousin is already working on memorizing the lines from these two princesses , 
so i guess i 'll have to look into purchasing the other 
figurines!some minor assembly is required 
so have a phillips head handy , but it 's nothing extreme . 
you 'll have it together in no time . 
solid construction , easy to assemble , and tons of fun . highly recommended ! 
it kept him busy for about a half hour . 
this should be great for kids 4 and under . 
cute , but much smaller than i realized . 
i guess i should have read the fine print . 
it 's okay , but looks a little silly . 
just make sure you get the right one for your chopper . 
also when the light on the charger turns green , it 's fully charged . 
disconnect it and wait about 15 minutes for the battery to cool down . 
this will extend the life of the battery . 
also when the battery dies from use , let it cool before charging . 
i know many will disagree , battery charging is a science . 
i work in electronics . 
okay , these were the biggest hit of the safari party ! 
kids loved them and they were super cute . 
we have pears in pairs and bananagrams . 
my 10 year old needs spelling help and motivation to spell . 
i bought this for a 10-year - old boy for easter . 
his ' cheap ' toy seemed to be a lot of fun . 
i 'd recommend it for kids ages 7 to 11 . 
it 's small , handheald , and plastic- 
but it seemed fairly durable . 
he dropped it a few times , but it worked flawlessly even so . 
i know he would never admit that the easter bunny did a good job- 
but he really does n't have to . 
it 's kind of obvious , haha ! 
i 'd highly recommend this for any mischevious young boy . 
it 's sure to give them hours of fun for a super affordable price ! 
beautiful design and aerodynamics ! 
, that 's a biggie for me is outer appearance ! 
love the color scheme and the double layer blades ! 
i agree with other reviewers that it is nt the most high quality toy 
otherwise this is a good globe . 
unfortunately , it appears to be the norm based on the one 
he and i received . 
these are great for your budding artist ! 
there are so many colors and the telescoping design is wonderful . 
in this game players are competing executioners during the french revolution . 
nobles ' cards have values ranging from   5 to -3 
points.2   each player in the game   
action cards are cards that allow you to manipulate the order of the line . 
i think you 'll be glad you did ! 
my girls love this game as all the other disney games that are available . 
great price    quality ! recommend for any disney game collectors . 
this is a fun game for my 5 year old daughter . 
she wants to play it everyday 
and it 's not near the tedious game it is with the adult version . 
definately recommend . 
our 15-month - old daughter does tend to choose this toy pretty frequently . 
she knows how to get the songs to play , which she finds entertaining . 
it is the gift that keeps on giving . 
just right   
seriously , my nephews two favorite things ... dinosaurs and cars . 
i figured he would love this toy , and i was right . 
there are a few problems ... 
you also need to have the car to go with it . 
it also seems less fragile and was a bit easier to understand the directions . 
nice christmas or birthday gift . 
dad approved- really nothing to assemble . 
time for chuck and i to hit the road ! 
be sure to remove the horizontal stabilizer- 
it slows the heli down a lot!note to beginners   
we just got this for my daughter 's fifth birthday 
and she really enjoys playing with it . 
the parts are easy to maneuver and the toy is durable . 
the pets really do weight different amounts on the scale .   
overall , a nice addition to the littlest pet shop line - up . 
ravage is just plain awesome ! ! ! 
what a toy ! 
they came two days after i ordered them . 
decent quality for a cheap price . 
colors matched what is shown on the listing . 
my addition to ravensburger puzzles continues to grow . 
our collection started with the company 's stylish european vistas   
kids of all ages love these things and this is a terrific value . 
they are great to attach to toys for pretend play . 
at this price if we lose one , no big deal . 
an enjoyable cooperative game . 
does not explode ' so , how is it ? 
how does it work ? 
i can definitely recommend this version of the jenga ! 
i stack them on the pole randomly and he just watches . 
i also say the colors as i pick the rings up . 
i know he 's too young to understand 
for example , the small purple ring fits all the way to the bottom . 
someone got us the fisher price stacker   many people consider this the classic toy 
so you can not put the small ring on the bottom . 
my dad bought this computer for my son 's 5th birthday . 
he played with it for less than 24 hours ... 
normal play , not rough . 
we replaced the batteries , but that did n't help . 
2 weeks later , still nothing . 
but , without sound , it is pretty much pointless . 
i love this doll ! 
the water tank bag is cute . 
i definitely recommend this doll - it is fangtastic ! by katkat442 
this is an absolutely wonderful game . 
it 's great for kids and adults , it 's easy to learn and explain 
i could go on and on . 
but why take up your time when you could be buying this game ! ! 
congratulations to amazon and toys r us for noticing this gem . 
it 's very cute and fits her american girl doll perfectly . 
i would buy any similar magnets from melissa and doug . 
we have the magnet version of paper dolls and they are loved also . 
nice quality . 
i bought this bike for my youngest son 's second birthday . 
he was always trying to ride my 3yo 's 12   bike with training wheels 
but it was just way too big . 
i will never use training wheels again !     
she could get on mostly by her self and then just walk not sitting . 
we put some 12   tires from a regular bike 
and she loves that . 
once she understands how to pedal the training wheels will be gone . 
all wooden products for thomas are the best . 
they will last forever ! 
i would recommend these before the metal or plastic . 
we pick the songs . 
we pick the lullabies . 
we pick the games . 
my daughter 's name is risah   pronounced like lisa with an r . 
it uses this information to ask questions and sing songs . 
for example it says    i love you ... risah ?   
it is a nice size   not too big and not too small ! . 
he loves it ! 
but pixar movies always seem to be amazing when i watch them , 
as with every tag book we own , there 's some educational fun enclosed . 
well , it 's wasted on my kids . 
they 're the same with 3d glasses for movies , too .   
and i am a big disney pixar fan ! 
luckily , this book works fine with the previous tag pens we already have . 
grandchildren love playing with the bubble guppy characters . 
the 9 year old i gave this to at christmas loved this . 
and it was so hilarious ! 
everyone loved it . 
this is a super fun book . 
there 's funk and techno and jazz and one other . 
the plastic is n't flimsy . 
if it was , my son would ' ve squashed some by now . 
it comes exactly as pictured . 
my 4 yr old loves this but its hard to train . 
i bought this for my 5 year old grandson as a christmas gift . 
he was thrilled . 
he followed the instructions and put it together in no time . 
the product came early and in great condition . 
action figures like these are expensive and difficult to buy in our country . 
worth it . 
she is easy to recognize and she really completes our set . 
this is a great gift for ages 1 - 5 i would say ! 
all have heads and arms that move around , though the movement is limited . 
she loved it . 
they could n't get enough of it . 
cute noises ... not annoying at all ... 
nice learning tool . 
great idea . 
my boys have had an absolute ball playing with this ! 
it takes a beating . 
he tosses it around everywhere . 
he received this around the 6 month mark . 
now at 1 year he 's banging on it . 
but he loves it anyway 
this is a great toy for under   20 . 
it turns on with a touch of a button . 
the sounds coordinate with the player 's movements -- it 's pretty neat . 
love it ! 
my son , who is almost 2 years old loves stickers and stamps . 
i had been looking for these in the stores forever . 
i finally went to the crayola website and learned that they were discontinued . 
i was so sad , but i thought i 'd try amazon.com . 
i was so excited to see them . 
great for art time . 
they are cheap and save the heli from more expensive damage . 
i ' ve used too many of them ..... 
this was a gift for my daughters third birthday . 
she enjoys playing with this ice cream set almost daily . 
the material it is made out of is very durable . 
i purchased this lego set because my grandson loves lego 's and spongebob . 
sometimes , i wish i 'd paid more attention to details when i order . 
he had played monopoly jr . 
before , but never   real   monopoly , 
and he loved it . 
we liked the cool , modern playing pieces . 
fun was had by all ! 
my family has enjoyed putting together jigsaw puzzles for years . 
now that it 's just my mom 
this puzzle is not much , if at all , different . 
the pieces are thicker than most jigsaw puzzle pieces and fit together nicely . 
my toddler loves them and would paint all day if she could . 
he just loves all his bruder toys , thanks yet again bruder . 
my granddaughter loves this and it helps so much with her learning . 
she thinks she 's just playing with a toy 
great fun for all ages . 
it has 3 or 4 different height settings . 
excellent puzzle for 2 - 4 year olds . 
easily transportable , good for a quick , quiet activity on the go . 
construct - a - bots are the best ! 
our son is six and he says 
kre - o 's take too long 
and he gets bored , 
so we got him a ton of these for christmas 
and he says it is a piece of cake lol 
he likes watching mitchsantona on youtube . 
he gets pretty much everything he likes 
but he has tons of reviews on construct - a - bots   -d 
but this was super fast shipping too . 
it does take time however . 
this is not a five minutes project . 
not even hot air coming from the vents . 
the sound effects and prompts for what to do are great . 
the mold was great and there were no air pockets in the car . 
the details in the cars from the mold are great . 
there are only three bases for the ten cars the kit can make . 
the whole set was my 6 year old 's favorite christmas present . 
this batcave is very fun , has lots of levels and fun accessories . 
has provided hours of enjoyment . 
all in all , very happy with this item . 
we got it a few weeks before christmas for 39.99 ... 
a much better and reasonable price , in my opinion . 
also , we did not buy the joker and penguin on amazon . 
they are much cheaper in the store . 
i think we got them for 5.99 each . 
i really wanted this product , even with such a steep price . 
i believe i paid just under   50 for it . 
they are very well made . 
the pancake and the steak do n't really look like either . 
the drinks fell out of their cups . 
they had glue on the bottom , but it certainly did n't work . 
i really wish they were like the play drinks bottles from 30 yrs ago . 
those had liquid hidden in the sides . 
they 'd   empty   and   fill up .my 
the doll looked a lot cuter online . 
pay the extra money to get a better doll . 
the toys'r'us brand doll is cuter and about the same price . 
blast pad is so much fun for our boys ! 
it is endless amounts of fun ! 
we have had to replace the rockets as kids are anything but gentle .... 
lots of laughter and fun ! 
great game that 's easy to understand and fun to play . 
this bear is adorable , i love the nice rich brown color . 
i would n't hesitate if i were you . 
i bought 3 in total . 
one for my granddaughter and one for my grandson ....... 
they are 3 1 2 and almost 3 , respectively ! 
they simple can not get enough of putting this puzzle together ! ! 
grandma has become an expert too ! ! 
some lucky child will get to love it too . 
with only 24 pieces , it is just the right size ! 
love it ! ! 
extremely durable and can withstand even the nastiest of crashes . 
solid construction and great control reaction . 
he pulled himself to a standing position trying to play w   this ! 
it is not for you.if 
that will be too difficult for your wino buddies to understand . 
trust me . 
this is a super cute doll that we purchased to be donated . 
the only issue was one of the shoes would not stay on . 
my kids love chima . 
these are so stinkin ' cute and well crafted , love it ! 
it is not and you will be wasting your money . 
i bought this for my 7 year old for christmas as he loves scorpions . 
you just have to get through assembling it first ! 
my daughter collects the monster high dolls and all stuff ! 
love this package and price . 
great deal ! 
great for motor skills on children who need to work on it ! 
these make good party gifts to the little kids . 
my son loved them and wanted even more to put on ! 
i bought this for my one year old grand daughter . 
it is the first thing she goes to when she goes into her room . 
she still gets a lot of enjoyment and the toy is extremely durable . 
leaders i could play with or without . 
cities is one where once you have it 
you always play with it . 
as all things ...... not made as it used to be .... 
my kids   and i   love the do - a - dot art . 
i enjoy doing it also ! 
lots of fun ! ! 
i usually just make sure the table is well covered . 
i have n't had a problem with it staining clothes , though . 
nora is now almost 14 months old . 
they are removable and can be stacked , put together independent of the carrier . 
just ask nora about fun -- she sure knows how to enjoy herself!thanks.pam 
this is so fun for my kids to play with . 
they love it ! 
you sould see them when they play with them ! 
this was    
it is n't well constructed . 
the item is otherwise a good theoretical idea . 
just thought it might help you out there reading to decide . 
this does n't seem particularly more rugged than any current point and shoot . 
why the gargantuan feet ? ? ? 
i like her outfit too even though the skirt is a bit too short . 
i would buy her . 
my granddaughter was thrilled to get this on her birthday ! 
lovely quality , arrived when promised . 
participants start in the basement , roll dice and move their piece . 
great fun for the six year old grand - daughter . 
works great with all of her wooden melissa and doug and hape foods . 
the phone is great and she loves the pretend water dispenser . 
once we cleaned it , it was fine . 
he will grow into it . 
other than that my boys love it and learn a lot from it . 
but .. in my 42 year old brain this came close to a fail . 
we got bumblebee for our boy when he was about 2 1 2 . 
he became easier to play with and transform . 
he 's now one of the boy 's favorite toys.in the boys ' opinion , 
i was so excited to see more lego - like kits for girls . 
my 8-year sat down today to put it together . 
it was a disaster ! 
the pieces were hard to snap together and they would not stay together . 
the idea is super cute , but the design fell short . 
teaches fine motor , hand eye coord . 
he played with it one time . 
i do not recommend for ages five and up . 
maybe older children would be interested in it ? 
i admit i had a little fun bouncing the figures to the target 
my son had trouble with this when he was 2.5 yrs old . 
he was nt actually able to stay on it successfully 
til he was 3.5 yrs old . 
this is just an adorable little toy for babies ! 
this has been an excellent choice all the way around . 
our 6 yr old is enjoying this product . 
she likes when the green light lights up to tell her she is correct . 
for this reason we keep it in the van . 
wolverine will lead that team . 
after the first team was ordered disband by cyclops . 
i like about the figure!1.removable claws!yes that 's right a wolverine figure with removable claws.2.paintjob!i 
love the silver on black paint job.with 
metallic coloring andthe classic red x belt 
buckle.3.head sculpt!the face on this guy has an uncanny resemblanceto 
figure.this is the best wolverine figure you are ever going to find 
i know i own every one that 's been released . 
this is my   1 wolverine . 
the rules of seeland family game are easy to follow . 
the game includes a helpful sheet that explains the contents . 
next , players must place the tile on the game board . 
great sculpt , paint , and articulation . 
this spidey can also pass as the original which is a plus . 
i love playing with this tangle . 
it looked like a challenge . 
that part certainly turned out to be true . 
we could have finished it , but it was too tedious for our taste . 
my 4 year old daughter loves her hedgehog . 
very cute and cuddly . tiny . 
worth the price . 
we like it very much . 
the pics are still good enough to put in a scrapbook , etc.note   
hope this helps ! 
merry christmas ! 
, none of them work like they are supposed to . 
the doll itself is cute , nice size , great hair , smells fantastic ! 
my 1 1 2 year - old son loves having these in his room . 
this one is a nice side dish , but no main course . 
the build and playability are not great . 
other sets in the series are much better , although more expensive . 
really happy with this doll for my grandaughter . 
she plays with it all the time and wants more of them . 
i will buy again . 
i thought it looked about the right size for the kindle fire hd 7 . 
i ' m happy to say that it works great . 
a very small part of the bottom of the display is covered up . 
but it does n't bother my daughter . 
i guess i should be glad i only payed three dollars for it . 
was   19.99 in a local store ... 
no brainer here just , buy and expect it to break in a few weeks 
but that is not the case . 
6 13     increase to 4 stars as the item is working well . 
and do again . 
my granddaughter fell in love with making rubber band bracelets . 
i think she has enough for the rest of her life . 
our youngest , who is 2yo right now , just got this for christmas . 
it is challenging and educational for kids . 
it teaches patterns , and is very fun . 
a great game to purchase for a family ! 
we are very pleased with this item . 
my son loves playing with these blocks . 
he is currently 10 months old and has had them for a couple months . 
he mostly carries them around and chews on them 
but we model building towers and stacking them for him . 
he happily knocks over the tower each time ! 
he has taken them into the bathtub , as well . 
i have purchased four of these so far . 
three were for my own kids . 
the kids love them . 
my nephew loves his too . 
i definitely recommend this as a gift ! 
they will be happy to be able to play the more often . 
i bought this for my son two years ago . 
so fun . 
so , i gave it a 5 star on durability . 
then it is hard to answer with anything 
yes.sand people looks really awesome . 
this figure is covered with a removable fabric robe . 
the overall details are remarkable as well , specially the head wrappings and googles . 
it includes a gaderffi stick and blaster rifle . 
i should compare it to jango next . 
on top of that , its backpack is removable . 
it includes a blaster rifle . 
the sculpt of the face and clothes is great . 
it includes a blaster pistol . 
that is true , because it is an exclusive vintage style figure . 
it was a doh ! 
moment that i was able to rectify.overall 
, this set offers three really good figures with great likeness and posability . 
he loves dinosaurs , and the pieces are very thick . 
good product . 
its exactly what i had in mind for my child . 
a truck he can wheel around and put stuff in to transport . 
i like it . 
i mainly got this because it was on sale 
and i really wanted a spidey lego minifig . 
the set is easy to put together and it comes with some neat pieces . 
that alone makes the set pretty unique . 
the spider bike is also pretty cool 
baby annabell is so sweet . 
her sounds are realistic and not loud . 
she is cuddly and fun to play with . 
i absolutely recommend this doll for girls of all ages ! 
we got this set last christmas . 
we had a big problem with them crashing down . 
put it away for months . 
this time we watched the dvd that comes with it . 
we had made several mistakes . 
they are the harder pieces to balance . 
this is not discovery toys marbleworks .. 
it takes planning and experimenting . 
but the result is more satisfying . 
my kids who play with this are 10yrs,9 yrsand 6 years old . 
i buy these figures for my little one to play with . 
he loves them . 
we have several different sets . 
they look just like the game . 
my daughter has been collecting lps from christmas presents for the last few years . 
only one or two at a time.this pack was the perfect thing for her . 
she loves it so much . 
highly recommended starter pack or just to add to your collection . 
he takes it everywhere ! 
pretty simple design with simple accompanying assembly   almost none . 
he could n't believe the toy came with only one car . 
let 's go ! , 
the plastic is n't flimsy but it is n't remarkably sturdy either . 
i anticipated this 
and it 's come to fruition . 
this toy does n't get played with anymore . 
there 's just not enough here to capture a child 's imagination . 
i would recommend you spend your money elsewhere . 
the vegetables by melissa and doug are very real - like and durable . 
my daughter is just becoming interested in pretend play , but she loves them . 
they will last us a long time . 
but we just have too many toys . 
this toy is a wonderfully educational and fun toy but it is so loud ! 
if it made my ear ring what was it doing to hers ? 
but that 's old news . 
iron man , hulk , cap , hawkeye , thor , and even loki . 
but ... no black widow . 
she has more screen time than hawkeye and hulk combined . 
girls buy toys . 
parts.nevertheless , it 's still a good figure 
and i ' m glad i found it cheaper than it is here . 
toys that sing are usually always a winner with young kids . 
i think it 's the moving legs . 
the pig   
the pig will move a little bit , showing he 's ready to go . 
press a toe 
and then he 'll want you to press one again . 
keep pressing the toes in any order and he finishes the rhyme . 
sometimes he says   hi baby !   
too.the pig 's voice and how he recites the rhyme are cute . 
this is n't a distorted robot voice that emits from the pig 's mouth . 
the sounds of the motor inside , however , are n't so cute . 
remember the first furbys and how loud they were ? 
look it over in a store before buying if you can . 
the first time he saw it he flipped through pages and started grabbing them . 
my granddaughter wanted this game for christmas . 
she is ten years old , but the adult version is perfect for her . 
it 's a clever game for kids of all ages . 
as with all the legos , this set is great . 
this is a great starter tag jr . 
reader and get some fun responses . 
this makes for great interactive play.we use this with the tag reader . 
any tag jr . 
my daughters love this toy . 
love love love . 
but for its price i expect it to work . 
like they did when we first opened it . 
i would return or exchange 
but i lost the receipt and packaging in all the birthday chaos ... 
so i may try to fix it myself    
it would be wonderful if it worked like it 
should and perhaps had a little more padding around the mechanism inside . 
but it is in fact , a mask . 
the voice you hear is definitely not james earl jones . 
it is not really a problem 
but i thought it was odd.overall 
you have the vader dialogue lines as a bonus ! 
i got this for my son when he was a few months old . 
at first he was too young to turn it on . 
he sometimes sleeps with it right on his face ! 
it was hilarious . 
huge fan of the walking dead 
so why not collect the figures     rick 
but i heard the comics are a lot more different then the tv show . 
these shopping carts are wonderful for your little play - pretender . 
it was a great purchase , worth every penny . 
if you have not ever played this game board would be perfect . 
even i ' m known to grab it once the kids are asleep ! 
this is an addictive toy and is excellent for everyone ! 
the box can hold a lot of barbies    accessories . 
you know , the ones hot wheels could n't sell individually 
so they packaged them for internet sales . 
mustang , maibu , pacer , accord,,,etc . 
well thankfully that did not happen . 
my son absolutely loves them . 
he had his grandmother and great - grandmother playing it 
and they had a blast ! 
he kept trying to beat the high score each time   
it keeps track of the highest    of passes   - 
it was hard to pull him away from it ! 
it is challenging for all ages , not just the little ones . 
it 's great that 6 people can play and it gets crazy . 
not much to say other than this thing is awesome . 
slight learning curve , but a blast to fly . 
decently durable for the hits it takes on crashes and parts are cheap . 
plug it in and start flippin out ! 
very cute addition to granddaughters calico critters house and bunnies . 
my 5 year old nephew loves stuff that flies . 
last christmas , i got him one of these things . 
it 's cheap and i figured it was worth the risk . 
his dad , however , broke it . 
the cord snapped off from inside the toy . 
he was n't able to fix it . 
i do n't blame the manufacturer , in fact , 
just tell your husbands that this toy is for children only ! 
i saw this figure on display at san diego comic - con 
and then i knew i just had to have it . 
i love this figure ! 
her transformation is a tad simplistic , but it quite fun nonetheless . 
arcee comes with two accessories , both ridiculously huge . 
but it 's just too enormous . 
really , it 's practically as big as she is . 
she could look like she 's pulling a heavy weapons gal , 
what with her back kibble looking like a big ammo supply . 
but she 's mostly show accurate and quite a lovely figure . 
thumbs up ! 
i had a very hard time undoing it   my son 
thick plastic is a plus . 
overall i think this is a great choice for summer play 
the kids are really enjoying these . 
my daughter loves her new leappad . 
glad i got it for her . 
many things she can do on it and can always add more to it 
this is a huge hit in our household ! 
he really likes these figures . 
he uses them in imaginary play . 
sometimes he sets up scenes with other figures . 
he seems to put a lot of thought into these scenes . 
good price . 
the nite finder is a solid gun . 
it is super simple 
so you can lend them out without worrying about people wrecking them . 
if you slightly press the trigger , the light goes on . 
also a fun introduction into modifying nerf guns . 
although the kids are n't playing with these much   
the hot wheel cars are the same as when i was a kid . 
but the figures were nice and poseable and the removable helmets were cool 
i mean he 's huge , like chewbacca huge by comparison . 
my 5 year old son has really enjoyed this truck . 
the removable parts are large enough that they are n't easily lost . 
also , he can take them on and off without help from and adult . 
fun toy would recommend ! 
my mom got this for my daughter . 
the scissors have a realist sound to them . 
not so with this bin . 
a classic winner is still current . 
these are really fun . 
i love watching the stories my girls come up with . 
it has really imroved there imagination range . 
i would recommend this to anyone with kids that love to make up stories . 
this thing might be the most fun 
i ' ve ever had spending less than   20 . 
however it 's a true 3-way remote control helicopter . 
i am honestly astonished at the durability it has shown . 
i wrecked this thing repeatedly at first . 
the ceiling fan , the ceiling , etc . 
it took it all like a champ . 
however this is a cheap replaceable part.tremendous value for   20 . 
the kids and i have a lot of fun with it . 
spencer says ,    toot toot   
hello , i ' m spencer ! ,   
i have to collect a special special ! ,   
toot toot ,   bust my buffers ! 
,    toot   , and   full steam ahead !   
spencer is the private engine belonging to the duke    duchess of boxford . 
talking spencer first appeared on the original   spring 2010   
msrp is   12 .   
the wheels do n't come off . 
i love butterflies and this looks so real ! 
i received the orange monarch butterfly . 
it looks great in my little blueberry bush on the patio . 
i wanted to see if it worked 
so i installed a aa battery and clicked the on switch . 
i could n't keep him away long enough to see it flutter around . 
he even tried grabbing it from me . 
the slightest breeze will still move it around though . 
when the sun hits it , it really does spin around really nice . 
sometimes it will even stop and flutter looking just like a butterfly checking out 
the flowers.i hope this lasts at least through the summer . 
i will be ordering another one to try for a different color . 
these are cute !   
this one also looks nice and works great ! 
this was cute but the bottle seems to be losing liquid . 
i can not see liquid coming out but the current level is very low . 
great game . 
give it a try 
it 's a classic and it 's worth every penny . 
this is a very well made , sturdy little plane . 
my grandson loves it ! 
very pleased with this purchase . 
i love love love this toy and so does my 2yo . 
yes i do recommend this . 
its the perfect height for my above average height 2yo   
36 1 2 in   
and she will be able to play with this for a long time . 
there is alot of storage . 
the sinks are cute . 
but everything else is all together . 
the concept is awesome , it even includes a night vision mode . 
definitely get some rechargeable batteries for this one , they wear out really fast ! 
my 3 year old loves to count the beads . 
we can work on this together and no batteries needed for fun ! 
a great toy to have around . 
other than that , the two games are completely different . 
risk , there are no empty territories . 
all territories are owned by somebody . 
some skill cards also allow for conquering non - adjacent territories . 
both kids were able to put a spin on their work . 
they still use the cow and scarecrow for pretend play with their farm playset . 
this is a necessary addition to any wooden train set . 
you can build many things . 
whatever your imagination allows . 
lifetime toy . 
was concerned these might have the same   feel   to them.not to worry ... 
what i love about pinkie is this the packaging is very sturdy , 
i am using these as cheapy coasters . 
nice twist to usual barbie doll playing . 
the price seems very reasonable to come with an actual barbie doll . 
it is one of his favorite toys thanks so much 
this is a fun game to play . 
if you like rigid rules , stay away from this game . 
good product . 
well made . 
too expensive for what you get . 
thought i was at least getting one more figure for that price . 
i was expecting the stickers to be bigger , but they are very cute . 
i have a new love for owls and my son has always loved them . 
i give him an owl for   jobs well done 
i eventually want to add all of the s107 
heli 's to my hanger . 
you can not buy a better 3ch indoor heli than the syma s107 . 
i got this doll today payed 55.00.got the doll home . 
too understand.never learned spanishthis was a huge waste of money ! 
i picked up a set of 4 bags to use this memorial day weekend . 
they seem durable and are large enough for most . 
my son is 13 months old and he really enjoys this toy . 
he likes to push the buttons to make it play music and sing . 
he also pushes it across the floor . 
he loves it when i put it in the mode where it drives itself . 
it always makes him smile . 
this is a very cute learning table . 
it is also very educational . 
it measures 13   high by 20   wide . 
the box says it 's rated for 6 to 36 months . 
it is very sturdy with wide legs to keep it from tipping . 
it has lots of bright colors to capture a little ones attention . 
it has 100 songs and responses . 
it is divided into 7 activity stations and two learning modes . 
it helps to develop motor , social and cognitive skills . 
the legs can easily be removed to play while sitting . 
several children can play at the table at the same time . 
it encourages sitting up , standing up and cruising around the table . 
it exercises fingers and hands , promoting flexibility and dexterity . 
that was really fun ! 
the game is kinda easy but yet interesting . 
i do not like clipos at all . 
this was the right size and right price . 
we placed the football and it 's packaging right back in the amazon box 
easy , peasy . 
he   8217 
s always been a big fan of insects and bugs 
so this was the perfect gift . 
charlesauthor of young adult book ,    34 consumed .   
34   available on amazon . 
this set comes with enough dishes and play food to get started playing kitchen . 
this is a great toy for 2yrs . 
and up . 
simple to arrange and compact to store or take along to grama 's ! 
ridiculous game that we never fully understood . 
my son did a few suggestions from the cards . 
it held his interest for about 5 minutes . 
1,000 pieces of fun . 
legos sure have changed a lot over the years . 
it 's going to be a great addition to their lego collection . 
it 's very cute 
but it 's the same scene 
5 or 6 times on the mat . 
wish they had more pictures 
but my three year old does n't seem to mind . 
is holding up well from what we understand . 
my daughter 22months old got this for xmas , 
what a awsome toy . 
she plays with it all the time . 
i bought all the extras to go along with it too . 
she loves to build high buildings and watch them turn around and around . 
plus we have nt had to change the battiers yet ! ! 
they love doing that . 
the blocks can be chewed on and thrown around too ! 
very suitable for kids around 1 - 3 years old . 
please update this listing . 
the item does not come with two dolls . 
fun toy , but disappointed that i did n't receive what was listed . 
i ordered these shoes for my granddaughters ' american girl dolls . 
they love them . 
the shoes are cute and fit the dolls perfectly . 
they appear to be well made . 
so it 's his christmas present . 
well worth the   20 i spent ! 
cookie monster says quite a few different phrases and has a cute song . 
now , where were we ? 
cookie please !   
34   laugh riot if you ask me . 
hands down , the most played with toy my children have owned . 
highly recommend . 
my daughter is six . 
she loves all things arts and crafts . 
she could sit and play with the paperoni for hours . 
green toys are awesome . 
music nana ! ! 
it is very well built and will last for years . 
nana has almost as much fun with it as the kids . 
what a rip - off ! 
they were constantly sliding around and making the screen blurry and making buzzing noises . 
i seriously thought it was a joke . 
my son never played with it even though we tried multiple times . 
really a waste of money . 
such a hit with my grand kids ! 
i hung them on a small christmas tree , which they loved ! 
i have to say the odor is strong 
but i guess you get used to it . 
after having this little set a year the odor is still there ! 
oh , we 'll they are cute anyway . 
the kids do n't seem to notice an odor ! 
very fun playing cards . 
nice feel to the cards though . 
this is a fun game . 
arrived on time too ! 
as always , i love the melissa and doug toys . 
he 's a transforming deformity . 
now to the ugly hospital blue . 
surely they could ' ve come up with a better shade 
this is an unjustice . 
the only upside to this figure is the head sculpt hands down . 
lastly hasbro made a transformer that 's knocked knee ... wowww . 
to end this bad review on a good note . 
however to even put this one into productions was ultra madness . 
it also has a decent price for what it is . 
a little cheaper would probably be more appropriate , but it is pretty new . 
everyone child needs an alphie . 
this is the only preschool learning toy you will ever need . 
great for 3 years and up . 
this is just an amazing toy . 
great christmas or birthday gift . 
personally i see that as a positive ! 
this is going back . 
i am so disappointed in this brand . 
we 're staying away from this company from now on . 
the second this came in the mail and i opened the box 
, my daughter immediately said this was a    34 baby toy   34    
and she was still 4 when we got it   
34 gathering   34   games , etc . 
ravensburger is the roll - royce of puzzles makers . 
the snails are wood and painted using bright colors . 
they are nicely finished and have no burring or rough edges . 
it 's adorable and educational . 
my boys love these . 
it just bugs me a bit . 
i grew up with k'nex . 
i was a bit premature on this purchase for my nephew   
he 's 2 1 2 , 
okay i was a lot of bit premature on the purchase . 
this box is intended for 7 .i knew the parts were small 
as it turns out this will be perfect for special projects for him and i. 
with that being said , please be careful . 
but you should really lose two . 
the instructions you give have n't changed in 20 years . 
with that being said the same motorcycle diagram gives me agita . 
it would be helpful to have the images laid out better . 
sometimes its hard to see which piece goes where.enjoy ! 
this is a cute little plush for my two little mario lovers . 
he is really soft and my kids play with him a lot . 
gears are a great toy , and my child loves to construct things daily . 
i really , really think gears are a wonderful toy . 
i mean , fall off all the time . 
this has led to much frustration . 
some of the prongs broke off long ago . 
we bought this for our 5 yr old and 3 yr old girls . 
they played on this for over 3 hours the first day 
and it was fine . 
as people have said , the water does not properly come out   8230 
as they played on it , it became easier because they were wet 
put the slip n slide on top of a tarp . 
it is much smaller . 
.overall , for the price , we thought it was worth it ! 
but just be prepared to work a little bit   - 
the outriggers are an especially nice touch . 
also , the crane boom extends outward . 
so the set has a great deal of playability . 
this will be a popular set over the long term . 
my grandson loves to greet this one each morning when he gets up . 
the castle is detailed and it also has a place where sofia talks . 
the grand stairs case is neat along with a little bridge ! 
it is a sturdy toy too . 
the set includes a good sample of real baking supplies . 
she really likes them . 
the ball is useless , get the splash bombs , they worked better . 
but it was a great toy for the guys , aged 60 - 4 . 
our 3 year old son loves these trucks ! 
he can play with them for hours ! 
do n't take them outside in the dirt . 
very durable . 
my 11 year old grand son has played with this no stop . 
he loves it . 
this is a very good educational learning system . 
this is one of those sets that you pop out each piece . 
ours looks like a pile of broken popsicle sticks in a bucket . 
i like this toy ... 
it should be much easier for a child to do ... 
that 's my only complaint . 
the board itself is half yellow and half red . 
kind of like checkers.the instructions are vague . 
there are three questions on the same card . 
the board is boring . 
we did n't enjoy the game at all . 
her accessories are a pearl bracelet and light aqua jelly purse and shoes . 
i think young collectors will have some trouble getting the shoes on and off . 
flies real well 
but if you do crash it again it 's ok 
it will keep going . 
i give it a 5 star . 
messy ? depends on your children , i guess . 
there is only enough room for two kids to play around the inflatable . 
more kids , and i 'll bet it is spilling out . 
this stuff is really neat ! 
but it is not difficult for my 7-year old . 
parents stated they liked it . 
took this to my l year old niece birthday party ..... 
she is too young to tell me how she liked it .... 
the tale is told in a rhyming seussian style in an enclosed booklet .   
everything about her is bright candy crazy . 
around her waist she wears a swirled black licorice belt . 
the arms themselves are painted . 
personally , i love the dreamy , crazy cuteness of this unique doll . 
a present for my 3 year old for christmas . 
this was a bit difficult for her . 
the box is made very nicely and the pieces seem durable as well . 
she wanted to add eyes and a nose for example .   
she wanted to add details to the simple patterns .   
so for her this was a bit too abstract right now . 
overall though this is a great magnetic pattern block set . 
it will come in handy soon . 
it well exceeded my expectations ! 
he loves pet pad.i sometimes wish it was rechargeable . 
that is the only downside i see . 
i help this issue by having 8 energizer rechargeable batteries designated to the leappad . 
i would be much more annoyed if i did n't have rechargeable batteries . 
my boy likes it , but it is a little troublesome to operate . 
an updated version of a great game . 
great game for teaching strategy ! 
kids likes it 
i am glad i got it for 13 bucks   on amazon deals   
i am not sure how long it will last 
just as i expected . 
item as described . 
i got these puzzles for my 2- and 4-year old grandchildren who love puzzles . 
i recommend   
found this toy at a yard sale for a fraction of its retail cost . 
the previous owners said their child loved it but outgrew it . 
she drove this little thing to death ! 
really simple design and toy but well worth the money . 
eventually we sold it and got our money back that we spent on it.also 
the toddlers would fight one another for one of these cars . 
great investment for busy toddlers ! 
this king fit the bill and will serve his purpose . 
son is pleased and that 's all that really matters . 
this was a great buy . 
we had hours and hours of fun . 
it was a great price and great fun . 
my daughter just about died when she saw this come in the mail yesterday ! 
barbie is so cool now a days ! ! ! 
you just load your printer with . 
they are silky soft too . 
length of extensions approximately 9 and a half inches long . 
recommented for girls ages 6 and up , with adult supervision . 
fun stocking stuffer for both of my kids . 
i like the style of the origins joker the best however . 
his hands are closed fists , so not much you can do there . 
the four girls all made several items and they had a lot of fun . 
she loves it ! 
it is well made    really works well as she gardens . 
definitely a recommended item 
what i do n't like about it is that it occasionally freezes up . 
my niece is really into stickers . 
i got her one of these books and she has had a ball ! 
my son absolutely loves this . 
he will play with it forever , molding cars and parts . 
he loves molding the wheels to go on the cars . 
the car molds turn into working cars , lots of fun . 
my 4 year old daughter loves dora the explorer 
this game is great works awsome and have n't had any issues . 
this is a great buggy for little ones . 
they can use it and not worry about it tipping over . 
i am glad i bought this for my grand twins . 
i would recommend this to others ! 
highly durable . 
great fun . 
working very nice since many months . 
children enjoy a lot . 
good electronics . 
strong component parts 
great urchase for any mh fan , abby is pretty and unique . 
she has summery colored strands of hair , and cute accesrioes in her outfit . 
her fangs curve up from her bottom lip , more like tusks . 
this map is excellent ! 
i had a map puzzle like this when i was a kid 
and i loved it . 
my son liked a car kit set 
i bought one year , so i thought he might like this one . 
he liked it for a few minutes before moving on . 
shelving it for a later day . 
i have never met a badger product i did not like . 
well , at least in their children 's fun stuff . 
webkinz plush toys are always outstanding quality in my experience . 
this one is no exception . 
such a cute little hamster . 
my 5-year - old daughter has enjoyed it very much . 
and it 's my daughter 's favorite little virtual pet to dress up . 
my daughter lives for rabbits , and loves this one . 
it 's soft and sweet and so cuddly . 
how can one resist that ? 
at night she can sleep with her cozy bunny , how cool is that ? 
bought for my nephews for christmas . 
he loved it . 
it 's for my infant daughter , and she finds the thing delightful . 
but she 's still under a year old , 
when the car is fully assembled , it looks really great . 
i give it a 10 on appearence . 
in fact , it will snag practicly everything . 
however , , , , , a slight remedy can be done . 
he loves it ! 
it definitely keeps him occupied and away from my phone !     
and as long as he 's happy , i ' m happy ! 
it 's little motor revolves inside making it roll in a circle . 
the noises it makes are kind of strange , very fake sounding . 
especially the monkey . 
it does recite the colors and the numbers of the buttons when hit . 
my son 's favorite part is the lady bug and the rolling . 
since the game is designed for kids , it is likely to get bumped . 
the pieces fly everywhere . 
we never had this problem with trouble . 
i gave it three stars because my girls like the hello kitty theme . 
personally , i 'd rather just play trouble . 
this toy will be used for an extended period of time . 
the toy comes with keys that are inserted into the doors . 
the keys are color coded to the specific door . 
this makes the toy have a longer life 
this candle looks cute in the picture ... but i am disappointed . 
secondly , the color looks a little different in person . 
last , the quality is questionable . 
i wish i had returned this and bought one from walmart . 
and we live in the heartland 
but we 're still working on that . 
but everyone enjoys it . 
my son loved this movie . 
hours of fun building and recreating the movie . 
the best part is blowing it up and starting all over again . 
we bought this one for our 4yr old son 
he loves it and it 's so easy for him to use . 
i would highly recommend . 
he 's 2 . 
when he got this , first thing he said was ,   34   
i ' m going go fix the deck   34 . 
he drills and screws all the furniture now . 
hours and hours of enjoyment . 
this kitchen is so cute ! 
we have had many compliments . 
i put it together myself during naptime and it was fine . 
remember to anchor the top of it if you have a little climber   - 
they are the best ones out there ! 
it seems like a lot of detail in the pictures 
i will buy another one next year ! 
this is a great game ! 
they learn a little of everything playing this game ! 
i even enjoy sitting a play it ! 
i guess what really counts is that my grandson loves it . 
my curiosity finally got the best of me . 
i had to show them how they worked and they were immediately hooked . 
it was a lot of fun ... 
well made and very cute . 
my 1 year old grandaughter loves it . 
its very cute . 
i think i made a good choice in buying this for her . 
a great product . 
it has given us hours and hours of fun and challenge . 
a truly worthwhile purchase for any family . 
the furby boom is the second generation of the new versions of the furby . 
she wore it out 
so we bought her this one 
and she flipped out she was so excited ! 
to download on android tablets phones just go to the google store . 
this is a great deal . 
works great and will not ever buy full price directly from leapfrog anymore ! 
my son is 6yrs old and he can put this together with no problem . 
it looks really cool when done .. 
but i was n't expecting something so simple . 
it just does n't hold his interest . 
it just pulls along and does n't do anything . 
half the time he is pulling the frog on it 's side . 
the price is right 
in concept , this is great . 
fun for him , but not what i intended ! 
this toy is nothing spectacular . 
however , he 's not too interested in this toy . 
it 's kinda cute , but not really   fun   or   entertaining . 
this is a good set for the price . 
good size for little hands , and for tossing into the diaper bag . 
my girl is 5 yrs old . 
but she really did n't like it . 
so it collected dust until we sold it at our garage 
sale.now the loopsy littles are a different story . 
she loves them . 
so much easier to handle for smaller hands and even cuter than their counterparts . 
so colorful and numbers and lots of fun ways to play with them . 
able to make them in one ball with all inside . 
kids love them 
very happy with these guns - we ordered two . 
both work right out of the box ! ! 
great design and provides great fun - 
wherever you take them . 
everyone loves bubbles ! ! 
this toy is a very basic kitchen . 
only the gas knob turns . 
my son pretend to eat and plays with it for sometime . 
the tool kit workshop   in the same series is much better buy . 
more things to do , and my son has fun with it . 
i just love funko pop figures . 
they look great on your shelf with nice cute details ... 
i recommend you get this if you love funko pop figures or the walking dead 
what is important to me is that it makes my child happy 
it has a greater educational value than other toy keyboards . 
it is good for all age groups . 
it 's a beach ball and its educational . 
a fun little way to learn geography along with animals of the world . 
love the suds and hugs pups playset . 
it is stinking adorable and kids can act out a business . 
love barbie things ! 
put this together last night with my husband . 
takes a little patience , but was not bad at all to put together . 
took maybe an hour . 
all i have to say is i wish i was a kid again . 
this thing is so cute and i can not wait for christmas morning ! ! 
my daughter is going to come out of her skin with excitement . 
this dollhouse for 1 is huge ! ! ! 
the furniture is ok . 
i would absolutly buy it again . 
the bag was disappointingly small - only had 20 - 30 beads in it . 
you can get a better deal elsewhere . 
my 5 year old nephew received one of these toys for christmas . 
great toy for boys ! 
there 's not much you can say about a stuffed bear . 
our grandson really enjoyed playing with this little kitchen mudpie set . 
the ability to add water was a real surprise and added to the fun . 
great buy and a toy that will get a lot of use . 
i purchased this for our granddaughter for christmas to go with her kitchen . 
they are made of a thicker plastic than others . 
what a great toy - my 2-year old loves it . 
i love the size too since our apartment is fairly small . 
he is able to put the tracks together on his own too . 
i was hoping to use this combo on a princess birthday cake . 
the wand is good quality , but longer than a 9x13 cake . 
i do n't think it has anything to do with the product 
what so ever . 
it 's just my little one . 
during the time he played with it he enjoyed it very much . 
also really confused with the ice cream treat tie in   
it 's really not needed at all . 
as for me , would much rather be playing something more structured and competitive . 
bought this for my grandson for christmas . 
they used it for a long time . 
great item . 
this is the best kids ' card game ever . 
it is also are go - to birthday gift for friends ' parties . 
the game itself is a bit like magic the gathering for the shorter crowd . 
however , the love it because the pictures are so engaging and silly . 
the caught on so quickly , and we can play for hours . 
each queen has a different point value . 
small , easy to bring places , well made . 
tempo hammer hit was near the top of his list . 
indeed , this seems to be the case some of the time . 
it seems to be about 50 50 whether it helps or hurts the opponent . 
she is hard to find . 
but i ' m sooooo glad i got her for my daughter 
she is so darn gorgeous ... 
my daughters favorite monster high doll now .. 
a must have for anyone ! ! ! 
bright colors , pretty and perfect for the little girl who likes to garden . 
very pleased , and our daughter was thrilled ! 
i do n't know anybody who has n't loved it . 
casing has never cracked either . 
it also makes cute magical , tinkly noises when you wave the wand . 
good deal ! 
my daughter was thrilled with these - they look just like the real thing . 
easy to use on the doll - the zippers are so cute ! 
he looks scary just like a typical angry bl ck guy . 
but , , , remember when nick fury was white ? 
oh wait , , 
, nicolas fury is wh1te ! ! ! 
joe quesadilla is wrong and pitiful .   
lets see how you like that - - enjoy . 
he loves it . 
these are not simple , they are hard . 
very complex and some of them go up over 1000 . 
he also loves coloring them at the end and really bringing them to life . 
ill continue to buy these for him as long as he likes them . 
this is a great , challenging book ! 
they have very nice detailing and hold up well . 
i like the inchworm a lot . 
my son likes it as well . 
the only problem is that the spring action wears out rather quickly . 
it is ultra durable . 
i think this thing will be still standing years from now . 
my 12-month - old received this as a birthday gift and she adores it . 
every time we pull it out , her face lights up . 
she stares at it as the gears turn 
and i think i see the gears turning in her head ! 
a really neat toy . 
in robot mode , my son loves this toy . 
it 's optimus prime , so how could he not ? 
it 's very complex , more than it needs to be i think . 
otherwise , he loves the toy . 
easy to put together . 
tight cover so no animals or bugs can get in . 
overall keeps the rain out . 
but i have never had this problem in the summer spring or fall . 
the sound feels like an adult . 
should have used a cuter voice . 
not sure where to get replacement pens 
and we did n't want to spend the afternoon cutting paper ... 
and she 's a very creative artistic child who usually loves crafts etc 
i am very pleased with these hello kitty tattoos . 
the colors and designs are so pretty . 
they wear almost for 2 days without fading too much . 
otherwise , these tattoos are just a wonderful item ! 
i do recommend them to all the hello kitty fans ! 
my son likes the different colors , they have names like    34 
great gift if your child is patient and loves working towards something . 
my 2 yr old got this for her bday last year . 
she loves to ring the doorbell and party with ask the switches . 
its very durable , she had dropped it alot and still works . 
our two year old twins love scout . 
he is a great size and they carry him around everywhere . 
also , the arms do not stay in the position you leave them in . 
just terrible . 
it looks great . 
my boys will enjoy many hours playing with this train . 
they love construction items and will enjoy this too . 
sounds are good too . 
can be stacked or made into balls to roll . 
colors and numbers can also be taught . 
great buy ! 
these are the perfect size and really hard to find . 
the kids love finding new things to balance them on . 
at is price it is a very good value for the entertainment provided . 
album covers by roger dean . 
wintergreen    earth 
below that is a 0 , 
-12 , -20 prestige point penalty mark and a list of bonus actions 
each cards exists twice in the deck . 
below the artwork , the cost of the card is shown . 
a squat arrow means it takes effect once . 
an arrow in a circle means a continuing effect . 
a cog allows players to   tap   the card and use it . 
this allows players to find them in the rulebook for rules clarifications .    
gameplay    seasons offers three levels of play based on which cards are used . 
the advanced game uses the entire deck of 100 cards . 
the basic and intermediate games restrict cards.each player receives nine cards . 
some cards have repeated effects that would benefit from early play . 
plus , they will be brutalized in the process . 
count on it . 
especially if they 're the sole newbie playing 
players.the dice are set around the game board to match the season color . 
the number of dice used is the number of players plus one . 
the game starts with the lead player rolling the dice for winter . 
good players will factor this into their initial card distribution . 
highest number wins .    
thoughts on play    the rules of seasons are simple . 
no remedy seems easy . 
even then , managing your own tableau is hard enough . 
this can be a high - screwage game . 
a better player may have overcome this , but perhaps not . 
asmodee has a hit on its hands . 
my son loves this phone ! 
he is obsessed with phones so this is a great gift for him . 
the alphabet and numbers are a little annoying but educational . 
the only thing i do n't like - 
it 's so loud if you put it up to your ear . 
my son usually holds it on his shoulder . 
the minion floating is 3 1 4 inches x 2 1 4 inches . 
the floating    34 figure   34   is 
x 3   34 . 
an older child probably not be impressed . 
my 9 month old loves this toy ! 
he likes the little flashing arrows , too . 
he looks so intense when he 's spinning it , my husband 
and i say it 's like he 's on the price 
is right spinning the wheel to be on the showcase showdown ! 
and i would definitely recommend it ! 
received this as a christmas gift for my two year old daughter . 
she loves it ! 
it 's fairly easy to put up though does take a little coordination . 
it 's a good tent - like structure for the price . 
it 's a hit in our house ! 
and he 's still loving it at 10 months . 
it is getting played with much of the time every day . 
and , man , is this thing durable ! 
and this is secondhand ! 
great educational , fun , durable toy . highly recommended . 
i bought the bear when our oldest son was 2.5 years old . 
instantly , it was a hit . 
he was completely mesmerized by the bear ! 
and he has n't lost the spark . 
the boys still love him . 
in this house , that carries a lot of weight ! 
excellent toy ! 
they also work in other blasters that use whistler darts . 
the voices all sound pretty much the same all the time . 
it is also extremely hard to understand anything that is spoken into this . 
definitely save your money . 
the blue round ones are great for spinning and rolling on the floor . 
he also really likes chewing on the yellow lid . 
this is one that he interacts with frequently . 
i show him how to put the blocks in and take the blocks out . 
great inexpensive basic toy . 
this is just perfect for my little girl ! 
, there is n't too much assembly required . 
the pieces are all larger so that little hands can easily grab them . 
it 's perfect for my daughter right now at the    34 terrible twos   
there are very few butterflies and they are small and lost easily . 
a total waste of money . 
they 're 6 and 8 . 
but that 's not the fault of the puzzle maker.good 
quality pieces , and great picture . 
the clicker crab pail and shovel set is so cute ! 
this pail has character   really !   
and is thick enough to withstand heavy loads of sand or water . 
the shovel is also very durable , and does not bend under pressure . 
it is easy for my toddler to grip on to . 
i received this shovel and pail set to review . 
i was not compensated to write a positive negative review . 
all opinions come from my personal experience with the product . 
the characters are cute and look just like their tv personalities . 
so it is fun and well made 
i also think it is made more for toddlers 
overall 3 stars . 
, my daughter 's hands are green for hours after she is done painting . 
excellent sound quality ! 
our 13 month old loves this xylophone . 
my husband likes to play with it too   - 
i guess the idea here is to compete with the nerf football . 
gimmicky lights do n't trump good design and quality products . 
my girls have had so much fun with these . 
my son loves it-- 
he is 2 . 
the chest is very sturdy   he was standing on it   and pretty . 
the coins that come with it are few , good for the pouch 
this is probably my most favorite airplane . 
it is tough but agile . 
i can fly it in a huge field , or in a back yard . 
this is my go to airplane for this type of environment . 
and it is very tough . 
i have only broken it once and that was easily fixed with glue.if 
this doubles flight time to around 20 minutes or so . 
i can not imagine kids bugging their moms and saying   cool ! 
an old guy in a suit ! 
the figure itself is rather bland as expected . 
the thing is awesome ! 
this model is so cool that i do n't want to take it apart 
so i can build the b model ! 
so this review is for the a - model only . 
on to the pro 's and con ' s ... 
pro 's 1.nice color 
quite pricey.4.no more!awesome set and if you can afford it , buy it ! 
nerf dart tag hyperfire deluxe 
2 player blaster setthis game is a blast ! 
blasters hold lots of darts and shoot all the way across the house ! 
yet , the darts are safe and do n't damage anything . 
my boys love dart tag ... way to go nerf ! 
vests are actually moving scoring targets . 
glasses are for safety ... and their really cool looking . 
this is the perfect christmas gift for any boy over 5 or so . 
i bought this for my 1.5 year old for christmas and he loves it . 
this got great reviews 
and i can see why . 
some of the pictures can be a bit odd . 
puts a new twist on the game ! 
there is not much more to say . 
awesome case . 
the tag pen is visible through the window in the case which is cute . 
my two year old loves this . 
but i love the size of this action figure 
we bought this toy for my 2 year old and it 's completely unusable . 
i ' m thinking of calling the manufacturer . 
the holes are too small for the majority of the pegs . 
this doll is great . 
we love the colors she is . 
her hair is so curly and fluffy like . 
perfect addition . 
they all stack and store together as well . 
there is also a strainer and two spoons . 
i would definitely purchase other items from learning resources . 
excellent quality and attentions to detail.highly recommended 
2 years later after the purchase and my son still loves this ! ! 
this is a durable toy . 
now 2 years old and it has yet to wear out . 
i bought this toy for my son for christmas this year . 
great deal ! ! ! ! ! 
this helicopter worked pretty good for my boys and lasted a long time . 
it holds a charge pretty good as well.the . 
ontro , let is easy to maneuver also . 
i would recommend this toy to anyone with rough kids at home ! 
it is definitely made from sturdy materials . 
adds new classes and races to the already amazing munchkin game . 
its and absolutely must have expansion . 
the cards are funny , creative , and very useful . 
my children received this game last christmas , they were 5 and 7 . 
there is also a rack for the cards and discard . 
then the player draws a card . 
the card shows them how to move it . 
they caught on quickly and enjoyed playing it . 
perfect for high - impact falls . 
this is really cute . 
it is a little smaller then i thought 
but i think it will work great for my granddaughters . 
it is truly a beautiful tea set . 
it was packaged very well and was in perfect condition when i got it . 
can not wait to give it to them doe christmas . 
it reminds of one like i had as a little girl . 
i bought this set for my sons birthday . 
he loves it . 
it also teaches him to be more responsible with his toys . 
my rule if you lose pieces and parts you buy the replacements . 
this policy has worked out great and so far no missing pieces . 
the allies beach invasion was my favorite and brought a smile to my face . 
i also enjoyed the scenarios with major tank 
what a great idea ! 
you must download a free game , which is easily done . 
the gyroscopic steering is n't overly touchy . 
i ' m not sure how really experienced gamers would like it 
, the game downloaded might not be enough of a challenge for them . 
it 's great for an average gamer like myself and my grandchildren . 
i know amazon prices fluctuate , but i personally got a great deal here ! 
in local shops , i get half as much chalk at this 
price!and it 's crayola , 
i will get these again ! 
perhaps other boys are not rough on their action toys , but mine is . 
one of the wings stopped folding completely during the first day of play . 
he still likes it 
the more boisterous and outgoing your personality , the better this game will be.background   
no one in my family is identified as the life of any party . 
our reserved , quiet nature is a family hallmark . 
there were no coupons for free or discounted real klondike ice cream bars ! 
this turned out to be a great gift . 
my niece loved making her own face mask , bath salts etc . 
it was a great introduction to make her own spa beauty products . 
it 's kind of like a potato head , but more jazzed up . 
my one year old loves this toy . 
he got it for his 1st birthday . 
he does n't sit on it and ride at all . 
but he loves to push the buttons 
and he   walks   behind it and loves it . 
we ' ve only had it a few weeks 
but it is a big hit so far 
my three year old daughter loves to make projects . 
it is not pink ! 
he is loving pushing it around , so everything is working . 
he weighs 27 pounds and the frame is holding up very well . 
still really pleased with this stroller . 
it takes a while to put together which can be frustrating for younger children . 
the slingshot was also hard to use for both myself and my children . 
times square in the round makes a marvellous gift . 
my daughter loves it ! 
she was so thrilled when she saw it and recognized the product immediately . 
the stickers are what really takes a while . 
these landing skids are fragile . 
we adore the green toys line ! 
it 's still going strong with 3 little ones playing with it ! 
my children love playing with them . 
they use their imagination and the only noise made is from them . 
our youngest is an 8 year old girl and she loves this . 
but he does not have designer goggles or a cool holster . 
fun a safe . 
seriously , buy this if your kid owns any compatible train tracks . 
it is high quality just like any thomas the train tracks are . 
i bought this for my niece leapster and its kind of big for the case 
but it would do the job 
my lil one loves this track . 
he runs his 1 64 cars thru it .. 
he was n't overly interested in the   wheelies   it comes with . 
but it 's alot safer then 
most 1 64 car tracks i ' ve seen .   
no little parts   
it 's light enough for him to pick it up and move it .. 
and it does n't have loud annoying sounds   
i love that part ! 
all in all ... it 's a good buy . 
i ' ve seen some bad reviews about it ... 
he loves it , and it keeps him occupied ! 
what can i say ? 
we wanted a pool basketball game and got this one . 
and i ' m happy that we got this , 
cuz she can start over every morning .   
a transmitter inside barbie   
plus , my younger child takes the ducks and carries them around the house . 
hard to play when you are missing a duck . 
it makes noise to for some reason is much less annoying . 
and has an off button . 
i bought these for my son 's 3rd birthday . 
they are just as pictured , a great assortment and size . 
they are great fun and a good buy ! 
the only negative thing i can think of is the price . 
it 's a bit expensive for my budget . 
however , the schleich company makes the best dinosaurs i ' ve found . 
grandson is 5 and is fascinated with them . 
he wants them all ! 
he plays hard with them and his 1-y o brother has chewed on it . 
toy is 6-months old and looks new . 
fast , colorful , hours of fun .. very well made with great pul 
back action keeps the young ones busy . 
but at the price for a dozen i will certainly purchase more . 
but it is a cute little set . 
always a favorite with the little ones as they learn to walk . 
turns out it helped her great    grandma loved it too . 
they are pretty durable provided you handle gently . 
would recommend.also started using it with flash cards ... 
many uses in our family ! 
awesome buy for a great price . 
my son plays with it for a long time . 
i added different cup , funnel , rubber duck 
product is as described . 
very easy to wash and dry which is what i like . 
paint does not stick to it when trying to clean . 
my daughter likes to use these while she paints . would recommend for children 
age 2 and up 
i intend to add a whole set to my collection . 
i like these better than the living dead dolls . 
this is a fun take on the universal monsters ' . 
i highly recommend any of these for girls and boys under the age 7 . 
it 's a good sturdy little thing . 
it 's sturdy enough to fall and not break . 
i had bought this for my boyfriend , which he loves 
i was impressed . 
we actually got this to hold our k - nex toys . 
we have the angry bird k - nex and this holds them perfectly ! 
there are 13 sheets of colors , with 36 in each color . 
they are entertaining enough , but i will not buy these again 
-- i do n't think it 's worth   20 for what i got . 
i bought this product for my daughter . 
the paint in this kit works fantastic compared to others   
you can actually see the paint while paiting it on . 
this item shipped really fast ! 
the wooden ones , this hohner xylophone is pitch - perfect .   
and the notes are nice and clear . 
at this point , i ' m not sure what she likes more ... 
the xylophone or the mallet ! 
very common occurrences for a walking running toddler ! . 
this product has also shown itself to be quite sturdy so far . 
i absolutely love learning resources   . 
she can practice colors , or just play bakery . 
it rests on top , but will not snap in like the others . 
this annoys me more than my child . 
my opinions on the overuse of food for their educational toys it 
just that , an opinion . 
not very honest of them ! 
instant hits ! 
they all show their wear with scratches but still transform and roll easily . 
i suppose they are not super educational . 
they are also good for motor development skills . 
i would not hesitate to recommend these to any parent of toddlers . 
cute , but honestly , most do not look like dinosaurs . 
i went to my local rite aid    
i bought this two months ago    
first off- do pricing homework ... 
prices differ vastly . 
skin tones are included . 
yep.lemon- can inhale all day.honeysuckle- just o.k . 
well , i survived my   mr . 
we were sadly disappointed . 
just is n't much to it . 
the racing aspect really leaves a lot to be desired . 
the cars are designed to go willy - nilly . 
the longer track does send cars in topsy - turvy motion . 
at least the little vehicles go somewhere . 
son was excited to receive this at christmas . 
he had been a werewolf for halloween this past year . 
as always - had a couple extra tiny pieces left over . 
love that about lego . 
the range is great . 
the remote responsiveness is great . 
it 's tons of fun.there 
are only two cons . 
but those 15 minutes are pure joy ! 
the second is that you are cautioned against getting it wet ! 
grandkids loved it ! 
it 's sturdy and displays 
it 's bright red . 
and it holds legos action figures . 
what more could you want ? 
the little grandkids really like the challange . 
we just played this for the first time and we 're hooked . 
the 9 year - old completely gets it , and both my husband 
and i thought it was great . 
kind - of like an abstract version of scrabble . 
lots of fun . 
as simple or as complicated as you want it to be ! 
my six - year - old recently purchased this pool with her saved allowance . 
gift for granddaughter 's ag doll . 
so happy to find outfits and shoes boots at a reasonable price . 
as with all toys , usage depends on the interest of the child . 
he is a pretty advanced reader , so maybe the pen bored him . 
it 's hollow   and the strap came off the breastplate . 
my daughter loves peace symbols and this set was a big hit for her ! 
she had lots of fun doing these and loved how they all turned out ! 
they look at the cards and build what they see.the block quality surprised me . 
they are wooden blocks , not plastic .   
big bonus !   
they are also more stained than painted .   
you can see the wood grain through the color .   
i think the higher quality attributes a lot to how much they enjoy playing . 
building with sturdy wooden blocks in much easier than building with lighter plastic blocks . 
or   be an elephant . 
your actually getting a great deal . 
my sister gave my girls the princess liana and princess alexa dolls . 
yes , they each sing 2 songs   
well , there 's no way to really nest a hand in the other 
and it 's very awkward . 
you have to keep your fingers on their hands to keep them together . 
another annoyance is the actual song . 
one song is short and totally tolerable . 
--- the dresses are really pretty --- 
the accessories are attached , so no losing necklaces or tiaras --- 
snack attack ! 
the snack attack ! 
we had such an exciting time playing snack attack with our daughter ! 
yes it is a little expensive 
bought it is very cool . 
it is so cute it laughs , sneezes , snores and burps . 
my son is in love with this dinosaur . 
this set was given to my daughter at 14 months old . 
i would buy it again in a heartbeat.pros - there are spoons   
the missing star   - 
we are saving this for her birthday which is a few weeks after christmas . 
i can not wait to give it to her . 
she is a true monster high fan . 
34 cutting   
we love this , much more than other sets that are concave hard plastic . 
well worth the money . 
i love this game so much , it hurts my very soul . 
i suppose that makes me a terrible person , does n't it ? 
hopefully you 'll be wearing it without fear of spousal rebuke . 
one of six did not light up . 
light did n't seem to travel down entire strand , as in picture . 
not , completely disappointed . 
they were inexpensive , just not a five star purchase . 
i opened her up quickly -- of course ! 
and there she was , 
this one is ! 
my husband got a huge grin from her ! 
and i am using her to accustom my dog a bit more to children.i 
it 's natural to hold her like one . 
i ' m very pleased with her ! 
i bought this uniform for my granddaughter for valentine 's day . 
it is made well . 
the skirt has pleats . 
the vest has badges to make itlook realistic . 
it was a reasonableprice . 
most american girl clothes are very pricey . 
we love it . 
can not understand any review that says for very young children . 
our 10 yr . 
old is still challenging it . 
but you should also consider if the frame is even needed for your child . 
it is made of plastic with a snap lock . 
my daughter was super excited to get this doll . 
it wriggled and giggled and made burping and slurping noises the with each bite . 
so it would n't be so messy .     
does n't work.choose another mat ... 
our family enjoys this game , we even include our 3 year 
old.when our 3 year old has her turn 
she gets a card picked with no reading required . 
then we ask her the question on the card 
or we make up a question that is age appropriate 
and she does amazingly well . 
for example just ask you child what color a character was wearing or hat 
only cons are this . 
cards are a bit small i feel like i need glasses to play . 
cards do bend easy so durability is n't that high . 
so easily.but i would n't let that stop me from buying this again . 
seriously worth every penny . 
you might as well grab both expansions to fill out the set . 
i can only hope they make more . 
great product ! 
i was never a fan of furby 
but i wanted to buy this for her . 
and cuddled it all night . 
furby eyes are very expressive and it is interactive . 
it sings and dances to the music . 
depending on how you treat it , it will change personality . 
they 're hilarious . 
but they do n't .   
this is an amazingly fun and cuddly toy for children . 
bought these for a party with a dj - the kids love them . 
i order 50 of them and all of mine worked great . 
great value . 
this is not a very exciting little toy . 
once you have it assembled . 
i do n't like scrabble to begin with , so keep that in mind . 
just buy scrabble unless you desperately want to play it while camping . 
gave this as a gift for a smelly coworker . 
my 4 year old loves to make so many different horns . 
he makes towers and sculptures . 
great for adults too ! 
i purchased this for my 1 yr old grandson . 
he loved being in it and it covered him very well in the sun ! 
it stays on until you either push it or you press the button again . 
other then that this is a nice pice to my collection . 
end of line ... 
this is a wonderful kit and i would purchase it again for another child . 
you can not go wrong purchasing this kit . 
i thought this toy was a great idea at first . 
his cape in bendable rubber or vinyl can not tell which . 
his knees , elbows , wrists and head are bendable . 
he is great to pose and his colour is wonderful . 
the paint job on his face is well done as well . 
my son is enjoying him . 
got this for the kids for xmas ... 
you can play in the house sitting to outside running around the yard ... 
no negatives to this game ... 
i like it . 
, zords are vehicles that the power rangers use in battle . 
when combined , these zords form a megazord . 
this particular playset features the five megaforce zords . 
he enjoyed putting together and taking apart the zords . 
they are quite easy to assemble . 
they can also be attached to other existing zords to form multiple creations . 
now , at 9 months , she is really playing with it . 
she will pack the animals around the house and rolls the ark around . 
she just has a blast with it ! 
not cheaply made , which is always a nice surprise ! 
, so do n't think you have to follow the age guide . 
this is a cute little helicopter . 
we purchased the train playset and our 1.5 year old son likes the toy . 
creative play is so important for young children . 
i am very happy with my purchase . 
highly recommended . 
played with this at a friend 's house . 
it is impressive ! 
the details on the outside is just like the movie . 
this is the one set that i really want this year . 
my parents say it is okay priced and we can get it for christmas ! 
now only 4 months to go ! 
but it does n't advertise itself to be . 
he had fun playing this in the dark . 
if my daughter is there , you 'll likely find eleanor at her side . 
that does n't seem to bother my daughter though . 
perfect matching case to go with my grandsons innotab2s blue pad . 
he will be so excited when he sees this 
perfect bag and play set for my boy legos . 
its easy to open and close . 
holds a good amount inside and it seems to be water proof also ! 
we collect and love board games . 
they both love these   and dad loves them almost as much ! . 
they 're not as durable as i had hoped , but they 're not expensive 
so i was n't surprised . 
i purchased this for my son 's 4th birthday . 
the pros and cons are as follows pros - easy to put together- sturdy ... 
its a pretty doll . 
its not made to last in water . 
big dissapointment they should have never marketed it that way ! 
she does nt even sing a whole song only a short chorus . 
its annoying that that toymakers cut corners like this ! 
kids love to draw on this paper . 
fits the easel the i purchased of another brand perfectly . 
recommend it ! 
the product is okay for being a lego knockoff . 
not the same quality , as other reviewers mentioned . 
some of the pieces do not fit well and pop off . 
we opened the package on christmas and there was no sulu ! 
he was so disappointed ! 
so were we as this is not good quality control 
they were very helpful and understanding . 
i was very surprised and pleased . 
i hope it will contain the sulu character . 
if so , my son will be very happy and i will be too ! 
at least they have great customer service ! 
this is a fantastic toy for all ages . 
he 's got a great face - those eyes are just so cute . 
the fabric is soft and his body is nice and squishy . 
i foresee him becoming a good friend of my little guy . 
additionally , toys like this inspire creative play . 
this tent was much larger than i pictured it to be . 
it is solid construction and a good design . 
it can be used with or without the tunnel . 
i would recommend it . 
my 23 month old son loves this toy . 
i have even found myself playing with it ! 
my kids love playing with pretend food and they make pizzas all the time . 
does n't work very well . 
you can barely hear it amplified . 
more of a prop than a functioning microphone . 
not worth the money . 
they are just extra packs they are well made . 
you will need this to place the game . 
so they are ok 
these are even funnier then the first box . 
i had to wait over a year ? 
definitely not a game for young children . 
it 's more geared for adults . 
and , it is kinda complicated . 
but , it is so much fun once the group knows how to play . 
assembly only took about an hour , most of the furniture is already assembled . 
the only quality issue is the bed canopy and pillow . 
they both are shredding because they are cheaply made . 
my daughter loves this so much and was the hit for christmas . 
i think the design could have been put together better . 
a rest time toy for kids who need a little help settling down . 
they slow down and relax as they watch the slow flow of the goo . 
add slowly blinking twinkle lights and lullabies on cd , and it is magic!2 . 
this is a favorite and really seems to help children calm down and focus.3 . 
these are a blast on a light table ! 
glowing goo is soooooo 
tubes are durable and easy to clean . 
love them ! 
this crane was absolutely the perfect gift my grandson wanted . 
it is so realistic and he thoroughly enjoys playing with it . 
the quality is better than other toys . 
the melissa    doug puzzles are favorites in our house . 
her abc 's as she plays . 
i bought this for my 3 yr . 
old but my 5 year old also plays with it too . 
it 's footprint is big 
so it takes up a lot of room 
and it does n't do too much . 
do n't waste your money .   
this is just crap . 
i love it because it 's actually bigger than i thought . 
the quality is nice and it looks super cute . 
he 's also a skinny boy 
so it 's too big for him to hug and carry around . 
bought this for my daughter 's 4th birthday . 
she loves it ! ! 
a younger child would be able to just play with the shapes . 
very nice setup with the light brick . 
this was my three year old son 's favorite gift ! 
now , he 's able to bbq like daddy     
bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter . 
this was her first introduction to electronic games and she loves it . 
she had no problems understanding the game . 
kids are so smart these days . 
the amount of articulation lends itself to all sorts of fun play scenarios . 
right , the end result is worth it . 
34 defeating   34   child safety locks on cabinets at 2 . 
i would place the transformation age at 7 or 8 . 
because of this , i knocked off another star . 
they had a bunch of bands already but did n't have these shapes . 
they love playing with them . 
they also like trading them with friends . 
my son received this toy as a birthday present . 
i was surprised how much fun it is . 
then , by simply moving your finger , you   shoot . 
it makes cool electronic firing noises to let you know it has fired . 
you need to eventually shoot your opponent , at which time you become vulnerable . 
ages   4   to adult . 
loads of fun , and well worth the price . 
the battery life is great . 
we have n't replaced them yet . 
note   on the product description 
it says it takes 6 c batteries . 
this is incorrect . 
it only take two aa or aaa   i can not remember which . 
regardless , it is light - weight . 
my dolls arrived . 
but the lip color was smeared on the packaging . 
called mattel , they 're sending a replacement 
my son loves it- he runs in and out of the swinging door . 
very cute . 
i got this for my two year olds bday . 
great first jigsaw puzzle ! ! 
great for my    34 vroom vroom   34   addicted son ! 
endless entertainment for the curious outdoors man . 
i bought this for a 3 yr old . 
the wagon attaches to the trike with ease . 
a little one might need a little practice , but definitely achievable . 
the dog is the cutest dog from the little people collection thus far ! 
we love that the action cards are packed with excitement . 
also , the turtles themselves are drawn in cool action poses . 
colors are true   turtle green . 
i will say that i ' m a little disappointed in construction quality . 
it 's not horrible , but it is a bit flimsy . 
the platforms are not plastic   they are a sturdy cardboard instead . 
my three year old loved this toy . 
it 's pretty neat and has realistic sounds . 
but he enjoyed it . 
i really hate to get rid of it 
and i probably will not . 
there is also the imaginext bigfoot out now 
but i have never tried that one . 
this floor puzzle was an instant hit , like few other toys or presents ! 
it attracted attention and we were all delighted with it . 
it is colorful , well - made , and smartly designed . 
definitely recommended . 
he likes it a lot . 
the fins are 
a satin - y fabric which most babies like . 
i 'll keep this in mind for baby shower gifts as well . 
my daughter , who is 5 , asked for this for christmas . 
plus , the maker uses a special light bulb - a chandelier bulb . 
more like plastic than wax , really . 
so we ' ve pretty much just left it as is . 
when i asked the neighbor , they ' ve done the same thing . 
one is that it 's recommended for ages 5 and up 
but it is kinda hard to figure out at first 
the warm water did work well to color change . 
nice to find the doc is out now 
it used to be hard to find things with her . 
quot i sat hunkered over the board . 
five years old , and a   quot trouble quot   champion . 
my brother stared me down . 
at eight years old , he knew how to intimidate . 
my glass of chocolate milk quivered in my nervous hands ... 
quot   --me ... 
and you 'll smile as you know those dice will not be easily lost . 
quot anthony trendl 
great stickers for the favors bags at my sons birthday party . 
the kids loved them and we had some left over . 
i have adored it ever since i got it   
so it has lots of replay value . 
it even has a runway race , an elevator and a slide . 
there are two very good swings that have magnets so the pets can stick . 
there is a sand - castle bin for the pets to play . 
this playground is full of love . 
my pets love playing with it 
and i 'd buy it if i were you . 
for what its worth , the lps playground is extremely well constructed and durable . 
it   8217 s quite an adorable family . 
i was teasing my daughter about the need to color granny   
8217 s hair . 
ii saw this little gift and knew it was perfect for my daughter . 
who loves to draw , but is n't quite confident to just freehand . 
engaged , with no breaks in the game to lose their interest or concentration ... 
what 's more ? 
this is a great toy . 
i would recommend this for any child . 
oh wow , he has so much fun with it . 
its one of his favorite toys . 
my 3 and a half year old daughter enjoys it as well . 
it   8217 s very weak . 
it   8217 s nice that it includes a xylophone 
but there aren   
8217 t too many songs you can play with just 5 notes . 
the cymbal also has to be struck just right . 
the drum is just a thud and the washboard gets boring very quickly . 
i tried playing some songs on the xylophone to get my daughter interested 
it   8217 s unlikely any beautiful music will be produced . 
he got there eventually but it was n't without some initial frustration . 
higher.overall , definitely a cute toy especially at the new super - low price . 
think it is well made , soft and the sound is clear . 
he played with it for about 3 hrs straight 
and he still plays with it on a daily basis . 
my 2 boys love this set . 
colors are nice and bright . 
only thing i did n't like was the smell . 
it is true this smell badly like stinky plastic out of the box . 
but the smell went away in about a week . 
my 7 yr old daughter wants to like lego sets . 
she usually wants daddy or me to do it for her . 
this set is the perfect set for a beginner at set building ! 
my daughter runs downstairs every morning to play with this thing . 
she loves    34 
cooking   34   and making us eat what she 's made-- 
and she 's only 16 months old ! 
it is that good . 
plus , it is durable . 
my almost 2 year old loves the light up goldfish ! 
so its strictly a bath time toy in this house . 
we have him , yay 
bought this little guy for my grand baby . 
she loves him and is forever dragging him around . 
one of her favorites . 
not like the games we grew up with . 
we took this on vacation and it was great for use in the carseat . 
it fit on her lap very well . 
she also liked the side pockets . 
my 2 year old likes to play with his zoo . 
this chimpazee family is a good addition and makes cute sounds . 
you do nt get so much sand with this . 
it really gets messy . 
we bought this for our 2nd daughter after she was born . 
so i guess it is awesome ! 
again , i ran into difficulties . 
i could only remove the upper two and not the lowest one . 
therefore , she can be placed on practically any surface , hard or soft . 
i have operated her on linoleum , hardwood , asphalt and carpet . 
she does n't dance or jump 
but she does move her pom poms . 
her voice is softer and quieter . 
the volume can not be increased or decreased . 
i expected her to scream . 
her face is soft plastic whereas mickey 's face is plush . 
she requires four aa batteries in her feet . 
the preinstalled ones will not last very long because they are for demonstrations only . 
you will definitely need a phillips screwdriver . 
removing the demo tab is the most difficult part of getting minnie to operate . 
once this is done , it is smooth sailing . 
she would make a wonderful christmas present for a little girl or collector . 
he loves to turn the pages , and press buttons . 
this wooden horse carrier is adorable . 
she loves when   presents    deliveries   arrive at our front door . 
she was not disappointed after opening the box . 
my daughter loved this . 
they use this bed for the parents and the little girl . 
it is definitely a great addition to the   family . 
i would definitely recommend this product for children ages 2 - 7 . 
i use these bean bags , both as a teacher and as a grandmother . 
colors are bright and construction seems strong enough to last through lots of tosses . 
it 's a ninja turtle toy . 
my five year old loves all the figures . 
i would n't pay more than   8.99 though . 
this will be a birthday gift for my nephew . 
he will be 1 yrs old . 
hopefully he will love it . 
my grandsons all love star wars . 
this set was selected by my six year old grandson . 
my daughter is . 
it on olivia , and she adores this little house ! 
the fact that it converts into a pirate shop too ! 
i even enjoy this toy ! 
it is good quality , great shipping ! 
excellent condition .. 
brand newwas exactly as indicated in the description . 
far more cheap than any pillow pets elsewhere . 
my son livres it and carries it everywhere he goes 
these are so adorable ! 
i used them as cake toppers for jake themed birthday party . 
this tee works really well . 
it is easy to put together and the brush withstands a lot of swings . 
this is fun . 
our grandson did n't want to put this toy down . 
this was fun for our daughter for awhile . 
my granddaughter loves this and has to give everyone a check up . 
this was a birthday gift for my son . 
he was so excited to get it and help set it up . 
so we decided to give it a try.turns out 
it was a ton of fun . 
the pieces are made of plastic and pretty durable . 
i 'll definitely be checking out some of the other 3d puzzles by ravensburger . 
we love this easel . 
we had so much fun , we literally played for 3 hours . 
we painted and used chalk . 
it was a blast . 
it would also be a great gift for the kid in your life ! 
my son loves to stand on this . 
it 's great for any child w   autism or sensory issues . 
it can be used many different ways , improving imagination 
my grand children are making things out of these rubber bands like crazy . 
now they can make even more and have more fun ! 
my boys love their tea whether it 's real or pretend . 
that 's what happens when half their family is english i guess ! 
overall they are great toys . 
simple yet perfect for pretend . 
i think they 're perfect . 
it 's hilarious . 
great way to keep her busy ! 
you also get 3 free apps to download to get your child started ! 
and it is small compact and full of educational fun ! 
as usual i loved this item . 
my granddaughter is playing with it constantly . 
i will buy more of these for her . 
this is such a cute toy ! 
my son loves when it plays patty cake , his favorite game . 
my only complaint would be that you are constantly having to push the button . 
i wish it would play a little longer than a few seconds . 
this is an ideal camera for a young child . 
it is very solid , with an easy grip . 
i highly recommend this camera ! 
bought this lego set for my 6yr old grandson . 
he loves the extending ladder that also swivels around . 
it always amazes me how lego can always have all the pieces 
so no disappointment when putting them together . 
this is the smaller fire truck . 
the larger fire truck comes with the city fire department . 
both my grandson and i love all the lego products we have purchased . 
got this for my son 's 13th birthday . 
he loved it . 
it took him almost an entire day to build . 
there 's even a lava lamp ! 
all the doors open and the top comes off . 
this not to scale with mini figures . 
scale - wise , mini figures would be too small . 
this around your room . 
it 's the back to the future time machine in lego form . 
a few of the dinos have duplicates . 
they are a more average size . 
what a fantastic toy . 
actually to call it a toy 
is not doing this justice . 
it is a work of art . 
very good detail and very fun for my 6 year old daughter . 
other than that 
, it seems like it will last many years . 
everyone needs a babydoll to nurture and feed . 
so fundamental for the 2 through 5 year old child .... 
and these are cute and durable ! 
these little guys were a big hit at christmas ! 
they are well made and can handle the playtime , any time thanks , buddyerma 
the other gets frustrated when the same person wins over and over . 
34   the strategy component . 
we can talk while playing . 
since receiving him , i do n't think he has set salty down . 
great addition to his collection of thomas and friends . 
havwe not seen my 2 yr old granddaughter 
but i ' m sure she would like this item . 
i can not give anhonest answer . 
please do not ask me again . 
there is much to do in the city , rescue and maintain safety . 
along with two action figures , this set is promoted for boys . 
like what some other reviewer said , it came in frustration free packaging . 
fluffy itself is in a plastic bag and it 's totally clean . 
the battery for fluffy is near the opening of the box . 
i bought this grill for my 2 yr old son . 
he enjoys playing with his sisters food sets 
he does enjoy it as does his sister . 
they make kabob after kabob and bring them to me to eat . 
his sister showed him how to cut the pepper and onion . 
my daughter is 4 . 
i also purchased the cookie set for her so eventually she will bring desert . 
i like that there is a storage box with this set . 
i enjoy watching my son pick up the pieces of food with the tongs . 
it took him a while to figure it out 
but now he is an expert . 
it is a great toy for young children who enjoy playing pretent with food . 
right after taking them out of the package , my daughter 
the car takes off instantly and goes pretty far . 
it 's really cool since i thought they 'd stop altogether . 
kinda expenisve for such a small item but my grandson definitly is loving it ... 
thank you so much ... have a great day ! 
the painting is the fun part . 
you get to mix your own colors . 
that 's where my 8 year needs just a little supervision from mom . 
mom does n't want too much of a mess to clean up . 
we bought this for our granddaughter for christmas . 
she really enjoys them so we ordered another set and a few 
accompanying set for her to keep at our house . 
this is the perfect case for the mobigo . 
it helps very much with carrying a lot of games and the console itself . 
this doll is just ok . 
i bought this for my grandson . 
he enjoyed it at first - but the newness wore off . 
there are not a lot of colors that came with it . 
it was somewhat disappointing . 
bought this hulk after i purchased the diamond select green hulk . 
these two figures are the same body mold with different head sculpts and color . 
hand s   opened , different pant mold , or an original base . 
all in all , 
i ' m happy with this purchase . 
red hulk vs green hulk still tower over the six inch figures 
and i ' m satisfied with the price i paid . 
this piece is great for a hulk collector . 
my daughter loved receiving this doll for christmas . 
the barbie 's quality is what you expect of all the mattel barbies . 
this model     
6205   is specifically mentioned as not included in the recall . 
just love this castle ! 
my boys love it ! 
and amazon was way cheaper than in all the stores around us . 
great product that should actually outlast my boys 
works great , durable for all ages 
que logran un objetivo , 
a mejorar en sus tareas diarias . 
the pot pod   camed off !   34 
daughter 11 wanted orbeez as the only toy for christmas . 
was quick and easy lamp takes batteries was so easy and fun 
she got the foot spa to . 
my 10 year old grand daughter loves this set . 
the little bath tub for the cat spins around . 
barbie is cute in her pet groomer outfit . 
this is a fun set . 
i have 2 different pairs of these sunglasses , my kids just love them . 
this set is fantastic and so reasonably priced . 
yet you will find other sets out there with fewer pieces   
i ' m talking 200 less pieces   
that are twice the price ! 
so this one was a no brainer for us to buy . 
so that is a challenge to keep them all together . 
they love it . 
the kids still love it , though . 
these little bottles of paint are well worth the price ! 
not 50 like i see her for online . ... 
my daughter loves this . 
its great for a car ride bc it fits great in her lap . 
i also love the fact that its quiet . 
i love the idea of ninja turtles to come out on lego . 
the characters are unique each and one of them . 
my son just about owns every set . 
this is very affordable and has some neat characters and models to build . 
so you are getting your moneys worth if not more . 
highly recommend . 
this is a very nice item and my son plays with it most days . 
i am very pleased overall . 
this was a must have on the wish list for xmas last year . 
you just launch the cars and they roll down the ramp . 
not sure why we or the kids thought it would be more interesting . 
just one of those toys that is n't worth the money . 
maybe for a very young child 's first kind of race track toy . 
my little girl loves her crayons . 
crayola 's get broken in about 1 - 2 days . 
like are little ones . 
now how cute is this ! ! ! ? ? ? 
still - cute is cute ! ! 
we bought another brand for 40 bucks at b.j 's wholesale . 
it worked for all of 5 minutes and we were beyond pissed off . 
i did n't care about anybody elses reviews , i just took a chance . 
and he is in love 
too.i ' m sold 
shovel and rake are cool , but none of this will last long . 
pretty much everything but shovel and rake have broken after two months . 
but it 's plastic after all . 
this is a beautiful , high quality puzzle . 
it 's like this puzzle was made just for my boys !    
this is the perfect intermediate puzzle for him . 
it would be great for a little boy 's room . 
my son loves frostini ! 
my son was the one who taught me how to open it ! 
i absolutely enjoy the quality of chuggington products ! 
my 8-yr old loves this abbey bed . 
it is very unique and seems well made . 
easy to assemble , just a few pieces to snap together . 
the colors are   icy   beautiful and as pictured . 
note   better pricing at toys r us . 
goes perfect with any of the mh abbey dolls . 
when i saw this game was available for xbox i had to get it . 
i never played the game before 
but i saw it on t.v 
and it looked awesome . 
when i started playing this game i was lost on what to do . 
it is also cool because it includes the expansions corkscrew foolies and loopy landscapes . 
but it is not really that big of a deal . 
this is a must for sim lovers everywhere.enjoy ! 
planescape   torment is better than them all . 
but the game is not just a great d amp 
d game . 
it is a great role - playing and adventure game . 
every character trait matters . 
higher intelligence gives you access to more dialog options . 
higher wisdom allows you to accumulate memories and experience faster . 
it is supported with brilliantly written dialogue and elaborately painted characters . 
unlike most games , the dialog is one of the highlights of the game . 
the story in most games is hit - or - miss . 
this one was a home run . 
for instance , there are only two fifth level priest spells in the game . 
that 's what i had to do . 
this game is single - handedly responsible for my blowing a semester of college . 
fortunately the classes were easy , but man 
only complaint is there 's not enough swamp or fungus . 
it 's delicious to hear the natives get gobbled up by these antipostes . 
oh man this game is tight . 
if there is a hall of fame for games this would be in it . 
to start , the graphics are amazing and richly detailed . 
the characters are all different and extremely cool . 
the trick books allow you to unlock new outfits . 
and there a alot of boards to choose from . 
everything about this game is top - notch . 
the only down side is that there could be more options to choose from . 
that 's it from me . 
i ' m out 
i know this may sound crazy but it really isint . 
the main problem is combat . 
also you have to pay 10.00 a month to play it . 
remember , great graphics does not make a game , gameplay does . 
gauntlet dl plays just like the revamped gauntlet legends . 
it 's still a very long game 
so you have to have a lot of committment for it . 
it 's levelling system   specifically 
it really lends itself to strategy now.hmm ... 
so you bought an xbox and you want some memory ? 
someday i might need to have my information portable . 
it translates that info into memory blocks . 
when you view your xbox hd memory it only says 50,000   blocks . 
do n't worry about running out of room on your hard drive . 
six gigabytes is an enormous amount or space.while 
trust me . 
panzer dragoon orta   is the kind of game that makes you thank god 
you have an xbox . 
the boss battles are really things of beauty . 
soundwise ,   orta   is a little disappointing . 
the music sounds very much like the music in the original   panzer dragoon . 
i ' m a big fan of the original metal gear solid for playstation . 
what 's up with that ! 
and the ending was confusing 
well not enough snake to make the rating 
if your a fps or sw fan purchase this game . 
the story line is alright , not related to original sw though . 
replay value is ok not great . 
i would recommend having xbox live if its compatible , i think it is . 
that way you can play online which is a hoot . 
buy them up folks . 
i like the original batman game for this system as oppose to this joke . 
the graphics are very good i will say that , but terrible gameplay . 
double the memory in one package ! 
two great quality classic memory cards for the ps2 . 
classic accessory for a classic game console . 
i can not , however , believe it was ever considered a great game 
, it has n't aged well at all . 
hardly the graphical quality the n64 is capable of . 
enemies such as the stormtroopers and mercenaries are fuzzy with blurred details . 
there is no target reticle , making aiming irratic . 
the levels are too big and empty , and are too straightforward . 
let me just get the bad parts out of the way first . 
yes , the game is too short again . 
' ve had this game since the hottest day of the year   
nov 9 of course   so hear are the pluses . 
the graphics are awesome . 
you owe it to yourself to pick up an hdtv set . 
everything is smooth , hardly any jagged edges are visible . 
animation is superb . 
the sound is superior even to the first halo which is saying a lot . 
this game definately has the best soundtrack on any video game . 
martin o ' donnell nailed another one . 
the music is real emotional and really gets you into the action . 
the story is pretty much the same situation as in the first . 
keyes ' daughter and more . 
more vehicles and weapons have been added . 
you can now drive the covenent wraith which is pretty cool . 
the new alien weapons are fun to use . 
now the shotgun has a matcher on the covenent side . 
can you say   energy sword ? 
the sword is absolutely cheap but fun . 
the covenent carbine is excellent in close quarters and medium range as well . 
one last thing ... 
the gameplay is non - stop action to the end . 
all i have to say to them is try killing me 
you coward pos . 
those 2 types can create tremendous lag at times and they are both ranked types 
so it can p ss you off at times when you die from lag . 
plus it 's really , really fast ! 
a hands - down must for all race driving fans . 
easily my favorite xbox game to date.p.s . 
it is a really good game ! 
i ' m not exagrating . 
its really fun 
but , i wish i had more pp . 
otherwise its a really good game . 
its a good place to start if you want to become a gr8 gamer . 
to make a long story short , buy this item ! 
you will not regret it ! ! 
it is a complete single player and multiplayer game . 
graphics and lighting effects are superb as is sound and sound effects . 
the packaging boasts four separate backgrounds running simultaneously . 
i have n't counted , but it seems true . 
the sprites are large , colorful , and expressive . 
not to mention the minigames and the numerous hidden items . 
rayman is a complete package , warranting at least a look . 
he does get tired easy so make sure he eats and sleeps enough 
or you will not be able to get through the day . 
i picked this up way back when it came out . 
the gameplay took some getting used to . 
people who are a run and gun lover , will not like this . 
this is a thinking man 's game . 
the less lethal you are , the more rewarded you are . 
the ai in this is not bad at all . 
enemies will not be in the same place each time you play the game . 
can anyone say schizm , but with a flair of fun . 
i can not imagine trying to voice over animation in different languages . 
mario was always kind if a hard game for me . 
i unlocked a lot of stars but a lot of the game went unlocked . 
i never did beat the whole thing . 
there are some cheats you can look up online for this game . 
win or loose though , the campaign is a blast . 
this is simply one of the greatest strategy games of all time . 
what do you want ? ! 
sweeping epic battles ... cool characterizations 
... this has it and more . 
the only downside to this game is random battles . 
that is one thing i despise more than anything in console rpgs . 
while grandia ii was stoic and dull at times 
skies keeps you flying . 
aika rules !   
my fanboy genes just kicked in . 
by today 's standards , the detail is purile . 
but back then , it would ' ve been revolutionary ! 
i dunno , for me the graphics do n't detract from the game itself . 
i mean , when the guys die , they go   hooya !   
i mean , come on , 
that 's hilarious !   
it 's an absolute blast - fest ... 
it 's always nice to go on a melee assault ! 
ah , the good ol' days ! 
10 10 , do n't argue!difficulty is fair . 
i do n't have the energy to take on   nightmare !   
not bad for a ' 94 game 
what more do you really need ? 
this is a classic fps shooter that you have to have finished ! 
this game is awsome ! ! ! ! 
you have no idea how awsome this game is ! 
it makes me fell like i ' m a plastic army man ! ! 
most of the levels take place in a toy store or a house ! 
the first level is a dinner table ! 
i also like boot camp even though it 's not like a real mission ! 
i love the referagarater level ! 
and i also love level 10 ! 
i also love multiplayer ! 
i only hate how in two player you have to fight each other ! 
over all , a awsome game ! ! 
this is my first army men game too ! ! ! ! ! ! 
640x480 resolution does n't work . 
256 color does n't work . 
do not buy this game if you have a computer built after 2002.get 
loz ww is a true game cube masterpiece . 
unfortunately not every day goes according to plan . 
there was no point in doing those damn errands in order to fight ganandorf!still 
it was the most fun 
i ' ve ever had with a video game in 2003 . 
what a perfect day to review a dreary , scary classic video game . 
this is one of those rainy , cold and windy april days . 
we have them every year . 
i could sit here and talk about the weather all day   
and i probably will after this review is finished   
come on now 
now imagine if an entire game featured total nonstop adrenaline - pumping fear . 
a game that strikes fear inside of you like no other . 
you two have to stick together and make it out alive . 
it makes the atmosphere so real and intense you can almost taste it . 
this- you 're walking down a street in an empty town . 
it 's snowing , and it 's quiet all around you . 
suddenly you hear wings flapping far off in the distance . 
you stop dead in your tracks . 
but the sounds get softer and softer until they disappear . 
you ask yourself   is it gone , is it over ? ? ?   
while continuing to hold your gun in the air . 
and this is just in the daytime part of the game ! 
that 's what makes the game so great- 
you enter a hospital and no one is around . 
once again , everything is quiet . 
you think about what might be ahead of you . 
so you have to go back to the elevator . 
you think to yourself   okay , this is just strange . 
you ask yourself   was that 4th floor always there ?   
you can not turn back now . 
silent hill features a variety of fears- 
it 's very well 
possible silent hill could bother you days after you play it .but 
it was revolutionary in the world of video games . 
that 's an incredible sound right there . 
truly deserving of 5 stars . 
this is not a game for the weak of heart . 
or a game for crappy computers . 
holy crap . 
this game is the epitaph of graphic prowess . 
but look below the surface 
you can select pre - built coasters , or build one yourself from scratch . 
it 's great.my biggest gripe with the game 
is that the guests are still rather stupid . 
just watch them in a big hedge maze . 
and people holding their crotches and complaining stroll right past the restrooms . 
is this realistic ? 
now , i personally hate roller coasters and thrill rides in real life . 
i almost vomited when i rode one of those   scrambled eggs   rides . 
and these people in the game are almost as cowardly as i am . 
i can not say i ' ve tried the third installment . 
there are also some fantastic tracks that you can download from websites for free . 
you simply can not go wrong with this bundle . 
the intros , cut scenes and style are excellent . 
i ii . 
if you buy this official memory card , your bird soars . 
this game is nothing less than genius . 
wanton violence , weapons , theft , killing , blood , police chases ... 
it 's crazy ! 
there is no limit to the crime you can commit ! 
this game is for anyone who has always wanted ... 
well ... just a game with no limits ! 
there is no end to the excitement . 
and if you do n't like it , do n't play . 
do n't go trying to censor it and ruin it for everyone else . 
it 's a great game and will keep you busy for hours . 
the first gta was somewhat fun . 
it did bring a lot to the gaming world , though . 
this has everything a good game should have . 
how many games allow this ? 
want a shotgun ? 
how bout a pistol ? 
no problem , just grab yourself a cop car ... . 
just be careful . 
then , when he gets out , run him over . 
this can go on forever . 
it 's a blast to play this with a group of your buddies . 
there are a ton of laughs to be had here . 
or , just back over them . 
there is a tiny problem with pop - up every so often 
but you 'll be having to much fun for it to bother you . 
kudos to rockstar for being gutsy enough to release this one . 
it 's a real treat.like   devil may cry   
this is another reason to own a ps2 . 
this game rocks . 
this is the reservoir dogs of video games . 
plain and simple . 
i really like this one . 
really smooth graphics and interaction . 
good sound . 
not too cheesy , etc etc etc . 
for the price 
it 's now going for , it 'll be well worth it . 
capcom really did a great job with this prequel . 
the item box is nowhere to be seen in the game . 
both still look and play great for being older games . 
this is by far the best game i have ever played . 
this game is a must 
buy!!!in this game there is so much to to do . 
this game is gta 3 with everything improved . 
if u thought that nothing could beat gta 3 then u were wrong . 
they have improved on the graphics so everything looks realistic . 
although very violent this game is a must have . 
so if u have a ps2 then i highly recoomend this game . 
in this game there are fun missions and u can buy property . 
you can even buy your ow mansion . 
you can fly helicopters and 1 of them even has a gun on it . 
this game is really fun so go out and buy it . 
its is worth all the money u spend on it ! 
so it wil last u forever . 
have fun ! ! ! ! 
i do n't know . 
i guess it was the sameness of the levels and options   
but let me reassure you , the sound needs to improve . 
sadly.plus , speed is n't accurate . 
but the fact that a single round is about an hour ! 
hey this game is good to rent but not to buy . 
it includes 50 mini games , and plany of boardes . 
this is just video game impression of a board game with mario . 
i ' m not saying it 's horrible 
but you 'll be bored in 1 week .   
so rent it 
like most mmorpgs , world of warcraft is a very addictive game . 
the world is immense and only continues to have the promise of growth . 
this game is one of the best games i have every played . 
you are given various missions to complete in many different areas of the world . 
to complete your mission , you must use stealth , speed , and accuracy . 
how do you control a seal platoon you ask ? 
well , there is one of 2 ways . 
this is the only ps2 game to currently use a headset . 
what happenes if one of your team dies ? 
do n't worry . 
as a seal rule , no man gets left behind . 
the online mode is broadband only . 
any dial - up users will be unable to play online . 
the sound is incredible . 
the gunshots even sound realistic . 
it has no recognizable flaws and has an excellent online multi - player mode . 
this is definately worth the money . 
portable gaming is a dicey proposition for me . 
there is also a   randomizing   island that shuffles locations and enemies . 
i like this game . 
a masterpiece from hideo kojima . 
gameplay is a mix of stealth and action . 
get it ! 
you will love it . 
maybe its bevcause i was born to have big hands 
so i like big controlelrs 
but w e 
the top two shoulder buttons   l   amp   
the z button is located in front of the r button . 
the analog joystick and c joystick both have rubber tops that provide excellent grip . 
i ' ve used them all enough to judge . 
and microsoft 's controller is awful in my opinion   
it 's like an inflated dreamcast controller , maybe even worse than that . 
great card works like a charm!only 
it save a few games ... 
how about a memory card 100 ? ! ? ? ? 
and now i get to relive the memories ! 
fast shipping arrived in great condition just as described . 
great classic game to add to my collection . highly recommended . 
another great game for the n64 . 
very addiciting and fun to play . 
a must have in my collection . 
oh ! come on this game is nt that easy . 
it is so hard . 
this game has too many confusing puzzels . 
if you looking for something really fun try something a little easier . 
it is very very fun . 
it even keeps going even if your not playing , how cool is that ! 
in this game you can design your own door covers , umbrellas and clothes . 
it may look a little corny , but it is really really addicting . 
once you play you can not stop because you can not stop ! 
if you truly love sims , you will love this game so much better ! 
you need to play this if you have n't . 
this game will keep you occupied for hours ! 
multiplay is also a blast . 
i ' m not a huge fan of fps 
genre of games and i probably would n't have even tried this 
this makes the game an absolute must have . 
i ' ve only gotten up to rank   27 . 
i have not finished the game yet because i got bored of it . 
it was used 
but i did not have any problems while playing the game . 
it was a rip off of ff7 . 
if you want to get ff8 but have nt played ff7 get ff7.2 . 
why no voice acting ! 
i sooooooo recomend it ! 
this game is a classic . 
so you have to use passwords to continue which is a pain 
the multitap adapter is cool . 
my second slot in my ps2 did n't work . 
if you buy 2 multitaps , you can have up to 8 players . 
get this if you want 4 players . 
if you ask him to leave , he refuses . 
it 's really funny , but also kind of irritating at the same time . 
way cool !    
because the next expansion pack really rocks ... to be continued 
that where rayman 2 comes in . 
the first had me playing for months . 
i ' m still wondering how this can be called a sequal 
, it 's terrible ! 
i ' m truly offended by this game ! 
all those who praise this game have probibly never played the first game ! 
this game is just a wasted game . 
quot   boo , hoo ! ! ! 
this is a great game ! 
the turn - based system adds a new twist to things . 
and it 'll get built quickly . 
you ' ve got to be thinking ahead or 
or maybe they 're too far behind the front 
lines!the real - time battles are fun too . 
i tried the game out on easy and found it moderately challenging . 
i ' m more interested in this than the real - time battles 
- this is a ... game . 
i heartily recommend it . 
have nt played the game to beat it yet . 
everything works though and came in on time . 
i have no complaints . 
potential.the next borg related quam i have here is the borg art . 
... facts 1 . 
n64 features 64-bit color and features real time gameplay . 
never , ever bored of the games or the system!4 . 
system has beautiful designs and light enough to carry around!5 . 
dusts out sega and those other copycats of nintendo7 . 
company makes great nintendo consoles such as game boy and gamecube!8 . 
no battery needed ! 
some games have save game compatability to save games w o memory packs . 
beats out memory cards on sony.9 . 
oldest company as far as i know!10 . 
i , personally , beats ps1 but ps2 beats n64 . 
this game must not be missed out ! 
now that laughed my head off ! 
this game has everything in it a simpsons fan could dream of . 
i.e. when your homer and you pick up bart 
he says   quot 
this game is great if you liked crazy taxi get it . 
if you like the simpsons get it . 
this game is hands down the best simpsons game ever made . 
plus no load times during gameplay . 
buy this game 
you must stop mr.x who has taken over the robot tournament . 
the reviewers who gave this game 1 star are both right and wrong . 
but i think it 's a lot better . 
however , they get to move across the board with cards . 
it all began here . 
this is where the resident evil story all began and for re veterans 
good survival horror elements , nice graphics . 
the ability to switch between your 2 main characters is also very interesting . 
i ' ve totally enjoyed this game 
or should i say   quot simulation . 
i can not emphasize that enough . 
i recommend mad catz 's . 
you will find the game much easier , more realistic , and more enjoyable . 
gamers beware - f355 challenge is easy to learn , but hard to master . 
f355 certainly concentrates on the race itself . 
plus , they make bad turns and screw up in a believeable way . 
the eleven tracks are wonderful . 
excellent n64 game , and who can beat the legend of zelda series ? 
although you do have a time limit to complete objectives in this game . 
it can be quite irritating at times . 
this game is one of the best games for the n64 . 
however , it does nt show their faces when you trade them and etc . 
sure there is a challenge mode , but it 's to long and 
it becomes boring after a while . 
i even think nba shootout ' 01 will be better then this . 
like all the years , the camera angles make the gameplay extremely hard . 
and you need glasses to recognize faces . 
i broke my glasses .so 
if you have 2000 , do nt buy this game . 
my biggest complaint is about the absence of some characters . 
it 's kinda hard to believe so . 
and as far as snk goes , 
where 's andy bogard , krauser , haohmaru , and robert garcia ? 
these are main characters here people , and capcom vs. snk 
just does n't have them . 
to top it off , every snk character was stripped of moves . 
what 's up with that ? is capcom jealous or something ? 
another major complaint is with the street fighters themselves . 
they look downright cheap when compared to the snk characters . 
now , for the good points to the game . 
well , first of all , it 's capcom vs. snk . 
any hard - core gamer already knows that this is a dream come true . 
the graphics are absolutely amazing . 
my personal favorite was akuma 's stage . 
it takes forever to get all these secrets , but they are worth it . 
the music is pretty decent , too . 
then , there 's the much talked about ratio system . 
personally , i do n't mind it . 
the player gets four points to their selection of characters . 
you also get to pick between which groove you want -- capcom or snk . 
snk 's groove is just like king of fighters . 
there 's also a groove point system . 
you get points by how you hurt your opponent and then get ranked . 
snk is better . 
tomb raider 2 is by far the best sequel game out right now . 
lara kicks way more ... in this one then in the first . 
some of the reasons why are listed here excellent 3d levels such as -1 . 
the great wall2 . 
bartolli 's hideout4 . 
opera house5 . 
offshore rig6 . 
diving area7 . 
40 fathoms8 . 
wreck of the mario doria9 . 
living quarters10 . 
the deck11 . tibetan foothills12 . 
barkhang monestary13 . 
catacombs of the talion14 . 
ice palace15 . 
temple of xian16 . 
floating islands17 . 
tomb raider 32 . 
tomb raider 4   last revelations3 . 
tomb raider 24 . 
tomb raider 5   chronicles5 . 
tomb raider ... 
this game came just as it was advertised and worked perfectly . 
my husband loves it . 
i would recommend this to anyone . 
sometimes going the 3rd party route for game accessories is an okay deal . 
for the price , they hold a large amount of game files . 
sadly , many times people lose their data . 
this game is fairly challenging . 
it is still a lot of fun though . 
it 's a great buy for any classic nintendo fan . 
i got this game cause my cousin gave it to me . 
to be honest , i have not finished the game . 
the action is very slow paced . 
you have to plan things out . 
there 's no way you can finish a map 
the first try cause you have to know the pattern . 
basically it 's a lot of trial and error . 
so this was n't my type of game . 
i basically got bored of this game and it does get frustrating . 
maybe it 'll be better with a cheat or whatever . 
but i ' m going back to playing counter - strike and unreal tournament . 
it 's time to pass this game to my other cousin . 
it is a well - crafted , fun game . 
even if you have perfect vision you 'll see a boatload of fuzz . 
actually , i hated most of the cinema scenes . 
it went out of 
it 's way to be immature , though and that cheapened it . 
etc.this first game is a rental , i 'd say . 
it 's about as engaging as a dumb movie . 
hopefully the sequel will be out quickly ! 
primal hunt is the expansion to avp2 which is a classic horror fps . 
it has about 12 levels with 3 missions for each species . 
the predator missions are the best and the longest . 
the story and voice acting are not as good as avp2 . 
if you liked avp1 you will surely like this 
this is one of rockstars bestgames out to date . 
the tragedy drives him on a prolonged path of vengeance . 
for one thing , it 's pretty easy to run out ammunition 
and you find yourself often second guessing what weapon to use . 
the most annoying thing however , were the long cutscenes . 
this title has become my favorite game for the ps 2 . 
i would have bought this game 
what the hell up with the big giggle   ... ? 
so why they called this 
oh and one can not play as gimli . 
the same goes for frodo and gandalf . 
on the console version you can play as aragorn or legolas . 
over all this game gets 5 stars because this game rocks . 
i like taking it to work or school with me during the slow times . 
along with all the great games , this is a must have product . 
props to nintendo for making a great product even better . 
before have i seen so many memorable characters in a single game . 
even the others do some pretty crazy things to get them together . 
simple right ? 
just when you think you got it , you realize you do n't . 
sure , you can summon them in battles , but i never do that . 
maxing these stats out to 255 each is real fun and challenging . 
i mention anything about all the side quests in this game ? 
good story , memorable characters , fun leveling system and unique , creative environments . 
i like all of the ff 's but this is the worst ever ! ! 
i do like this game and the love story is great but 
wow ... now where s my ff7 disc ? 
quot   get ff9 before this one ... 
somehow , all this ties in to the death of your father years earlier . 
it 's a huge environment , and it 's an amazing programming feat . 
finally , the voice cast rocks . 
game has some problems . 
my high expectations for this game were shattered after i played it . 
first off , the car physics are atrocious . 
or better yet i should deduce that there are no car physics . 
it seems like the developers spent no time trying to make this feel realistic . 
taking corners does n't have a solid or natural feel . 
the car usually turns too sharply . 
the fighting is equally lack luster and repetitive . 
i found myself randomly pressing buttons just waiting for the adversaries to die . 
luckily i played this game at my friend 's house . 
dropping   50 on a game like this would be unfortunate . 
i truthfully can not recommend this game to anyone . 
this game is   fast . 
and then it 's slow . 
and then it 's blazing . 
but the world has n't ended yet , 
so i think we 'll be alright.the gameplay is somewhat mixed . 
but it 's still a blast . 
the game acctually has a really good   mafia   type storline . 
the main character does n't talk 
but i ' m glad cause that lets us imagine . 
the game takes place in liberty city ... 
the game overall has really great memorable characters . 
' you 'll see spider man and batman ? ! ? ! 
the game has great controll . 
very easy to use and will get use to it withen 10 minutes . 
overall the music and controlls is a plus one . 
now lets get to it .. 
only you could beatthis game inless then 10 hours .. 
abit repetitive and frustraiting later on - the visuals wer n't that great 
... could have bin betterthe ugly - killing salvetore leon .. 
overall this ps2 classic gets a4.9 out of 5 stars ... lates .. 
i enjoyed the first one and had my expectations set very high.when 
i first played the game i was very impressed . 
for one thing , the engine sound is very unrealistic . 
and where 's the adverse road conditions ? 
all the hp2 tracks are either in broad daylight or early dusk . 
liked it , but it was n't my thing . 
i preferred the star fox assault . 
i did do about 70   of the missions or so . 
i really liked the story . 
although i liked the movie much more . 
but it turned out to be a pretty enjoyable game 
, even my son liked it . 
the cell shade looked cool . 
in 1 player if a memeber dies , he is no longer accesible . 
missions range from a stranded 747 to a tv station . 
the replay in the game is unbelivable . 
each time unlocking new stratagies and tips . 
graphics are superb and sound is amazing . 
the suspense is amazing . 
and while old , goldeneye is still exhilerating . 
do n't make the same mistake that i did , please ! 
protect your goldeneye games ! 
goldeneye shoots twine and agent under fire out of the sky . 
nightfire can not even hold its ground against this solid and superb n64 title . 
and i have the levels memorized perfectly . 
the bottom line is that goldeneye is the best fps ever created ! ! 
all x - box owners , goldeneye is even better than halo ! 
there 's no debate on that . 
buy the game that started it all!my rating 9.9 ! ! 
the game is good in the sense that it is groundbreaking . 
the creature ai is quite interesting , and it is true ai . 
your creature actually learns , and picks up your play sytle . 
from a simulation perspective , this game is seriously lacking in creative outlets . 
the creature battles can be won and lost with no consequences . 
the ability to make it rain there . 
, why would i do that ? 
the only real fun this game delivers is voyeuristic . 
like in rollercoaster tycoon , everyone has a name and personal statistics . 
you can watch over them and help them with their little pointless tasks . 
but this stuff gets old quick . 
serious gamers look elsewhere . 
it was never meant to be one.it is still a decent game 
the hand - to - hand combat is arguably the game 's strongest point ... 
the physics on the cars are pretty bad . 
it takes a little while to learn but that 's the fun of it . 
the graphics , especially for an xbox game , could be better . 
its not that big of a problem , but nitpickers will notice . 
the camera is a bit touchy as well . 
it has a tendency to whip around suddenly or focus in an awkward position . 
other problems include just plain bad animation . 
so if you are a fan of the matrix , get this game ... 
go into this game expecting to have fun , and you 'll be satisfied . 
this is n't a bad game 
love those classic games 
story is really the only major difference . 
i do n't think the city length is as big as 3 
there is only one word to describe this game ..... awesome ! ! 
it has some serious plot and a very addictive style to it . 
this game is my second favorite old school terminator game . 
the story is excellent and it perfectly ties the two characters together . 
one thing about this version that i love is the gore . 
this is a wonderful game that i could spend hours talking about . 
the animation of the terminator 800   arnold endoskeletons   are at their greatest . 
this is a great game for both fans alike . 
i enjoyed playing this one and the older one too . 
i grew up with playing the first one and 2nd one . 
this one is a good one to play and is fun too . 
, all at the same time . 
it has a wonderful feature that you can access . 
that feature is the ability to turn the music off . 
well , good luck getting your city to look like that without cheats . 
well , i ' ve been playing it non - stop for 5 hours now 
they are n't very intuitive- for example 
i could not get far in this because of some bugs and problems . 
not sure if its because it is an older type game 
just my personal tastes but fps games are not that great to me . 
i ' m soccer crazy and play a lot . 
do n't get me wrong . 
but i found golden sun to be 
but there is no way to skip past it . 
some have given this game a great review 
but i ' m afraid this rpg just did n't do anything for me 
seriously , it 's a cord . 
so if you need one , then buy it . 
i loved the old mech . 
story line perfect for pre teen early teen . 
older kids wo nt get into it . 
lastly , same comment as other two homeworld purchases ...   
34 max rating to any homeworld game . 
loved this series when i was young , had to own copies again . 
graphically it was also impressive for its time !   
the sequel , guilty gear x2 hit shelves . 
this feels like an un full version of ggx2 . 
do n't bother with this one . 
just get the sequel . 
it is the best 2d fighter ever . 
i love puzzle games . 
the moody castle , with textures and ghosty monsters really draws you in . 
when monsters appear you defend her , then tug her along again . 
she 's pretty inept . 
she can not get many places that you can . 
but you have to wonder - this boy is half her age . 
jeez , i do n't know what i should do now . 
quot also , many of the puzzles are mighty contrived . 
but in ico , the puzzles are old school . 
there 's a box on the floor . 
when you push it , stairs appear out of the floor . 
excuse me , and this makes sense why?also , the game is really short . 
maybe 10 hours . 
peaceful , brain - challenging and a good help - others message ! 
tennis 2k2 has a very similar feel to its predecessor , virtua tennis . 
the gameplay mechanics is virtually identical . 
the main difference is that 2k2 now has a few new shot selections . 
one of the best tennis games out there for the sega dreamcast . 
you for time and patience for this matter ! 
its mario 3 , what s there to say ? 
this game is awesome . 
and of course i would recommend it , its mario 3 ! ! ! ! 
but i was thinkin about writing a review for it . 
i think this is one of the best shooters actually ever made . 
the shooting engine is set up very nicely . 
its fun fighting with marines on your side and talking to them . 
fun driving in vehicles aka the warthog ghost tank etc . 
i played this game all day for a long time lol . 
the multiplayer on this game is insane . 
one of the funnest shooting games in multiplayer . 
capture the flag and all those types of game types . 
this is my favorite game , and it probably will be until the third . 
the graphics are the first to catch your attention . 
the weak ending is the only flaw . 
no other problems will appear . 
always have a friend . 
this is only a quick review . 
you must get this game ! 
i never was into fps , becides red faction 
, i heard it was great . 
the levels , the ai , the music - all 
namely , there was too much interference . 
well , cortana was there , but i would n't call her presence intrusive . 
did n't need it , did n't like it . 
what gives?thankfully , multiplayer more than made up for that . 
no b.s . 
buy it now . 
this game flows and gleams with an artistic style most games lack . 
the game is very short . 
the story is attractive and keeps you anticipated . 
sometimes i just take my hands of the mouse and stare at the view . 
the cutscenes are really good . 
its really a slow one . 
the dialog , mvoement and animation . 
however the game it self for adventure lover is a must i believe . 
but i do n't need fancy graphics to enjoy a game . 
however the monster sprites are decent . 
it 's much cheaper then 197.00 on ebay 
i got my copy for 24 
i own all the spyro games that play station has ever made . 
i would have to say that this game has advanges and disadvanges . 
in the rest of the games , you help other people ... 
it is funny and very interesting .    
sorry , but i will not give the funny parts away .   
the disadvanges is that you can not swim . 
in the other to games you can 
i would buy spyro 3 first and then buy spyro 1 . 
i even think spyro has a better voice . 
if you like all three spyro 's , try buying the spyro pack . 
it is much cheaper than buying all of the games seperatly . 
then you can decide which one is better ! ! 
it brought the rpg gamer to a new world of playing . 
the junction system was the biggest downfall to the game . 
the hidden drawpoints hold powerful magic spells that any gamer would need to survive . 
seeing odin crush enemies across the plains with his sword was nice to see . 
eden summon was by far the best . 
to level up quickly go to the island of hell with quistis . 
use her her degenerator to vaporize the toughest of monsters . 
fighting omega weapon is a challange of the best of gamers . 
a fun game all the way ! ! 
this game is a classic . 
it 's the first in a large series of ratchet    clank games . 
every ratchet    clank games has different weapons and levels . 
this game will entertain your kids for many hours . 
rest assured there is no foul language of any sort in this game . 
this game is one player only and there is no online option . 
yup another game for the kids 
they really liked this one too . 
this is played quite a bit and still working 
never played this game , but i heard it 's got a good soundtrack . 
this is no bmx xxx . 
there is no nudity ! 
there is no strip volleyball . 
there are just a bunch of chics in bikinis playing volleyball . 
i like that . 
but this is not worth the   m   rating . 
girls like to shop and much of this game revolves around shoping and gamboling . 
this game should be rated   e   for everyone ! ! ! 
like clockwork . 
this got really annoying.4 . 
the picts -- now that was unpleasant . 
this was another disappointment.but on the whole , the best so far . 
this game blows all other rainbow six games by far . 
this one has some of the best fps ai i have encountered . 
the graphics are downright great . 
your gun fires and all of the peices move just like a real gun . 
the gore is in the right place . 
the levels are well thought out and fun to play in . 
the team playing and planning on this game is the main focus . 
the difficulty levels are vastly different . 
the weapon selection is much larger than in the other rainbow six games too . 
smoke grenades and flashbangs are to be used much more in this game . 
terrorists will no longer fire right through smoke . 
you can use it for cover and use thermalscopes to snipe them . 
the effects of all of the grenades are graphically impressive too . 
there is a variation in each however . 
like changing from day night or unlocking new parts of it . 
the game engine that it runs on   unreal i think ?   
is awesome . 
the ragdoll physics are so awesome . 
making people fall down stairs and ledges is ultra - rewarding . 
vexx is a great a game . 
it rivals any of the action adventure platform mascots to jak sly     mario . 
no game is ever perfect and this game has its minor flaws . 
give it a try . 
give it a try    
you will love it as much as i do . 
major shephard . 
and i ' m a player who can beat contra with one life . 
i still did n't enjoy it . 
it 's just not a very good game . 
i prefer to look at the screen when i play . 
wow ! ! ! 
was i pleasently surprised . 
this game is crash bandicoot with firearms . 
great lighthearted humor .... great variety in maps .... 
great variety in weapons .... great variety in enemies .... 
great fun ! ! ! ! 
some people have stated that the game is a little too easy ... 
not so . 
if you like this style game .... 
be prepared to be very surprised with ratchet and clank . 
i highly recommend it to anyone who misses crash . 
now ... i m off to buy the sequel . 
this is the best fighting game i ' ve ever played . 
this game has bad everything . 
bad setup   aka you can beat bosses with your eyes closed .   
bad graphics . 
bad consistancy   with gameplay and graphics .   
all of that together    a game that is not worth buying . 
i ve been waiting for this game ever since february 
, how many wrestlers can you create ? 
how many hidden characters are there going to be ? 
you know stuff like that . 
lets keep our hopes in that direction . 
firstly , as in most dreamcast games , the graphics are amazing . 
all the characters look great and move realistically . 
it 's these little touches that make this game so much fun to play . 
each character in the game looks very realistic . 
the detail on their faces are unbelievable . 
each individual car looks like the actual car as well . 
first of all there is no aim on your weapons 
and you have no idea when you are running low on ammo . 
so not only is it hard to be accurate with your shot 
but at times you may all the sudden just run completely out of ammo . 
the gameplay camera views can be frustrating at times . 
this is no grand theft auto people ! ... 
yes there is cussing , extreme violence , and the jacking of cars 
but you have no freedom ! ... 
once you do a mission you get a cinema 
and you are ordered to do another mission 
and you repeat this process over and over . 
that 's about it . 
its saving grace is that the environments look amazing . 
trust me   do n't buy them . 
imagine losing a whole season of madden saves because the card corrupted the data . 
do n't risk it . 
if your an evil dead fan like myself- your gon na love it ! 
do n't pass this great game up ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
this game is nothing special . 
i swear.the graphics are ok . 
are barely there . 
and you can not see what 's coming . 
the weapons fire and voice acting are ok . 
nothing about this game is really inspiring 
no radar or map , so 
, you either shoot the bad guys or sneak up behind em . 
its good , but not as good as metal gear.hope this review helped . 
they know your comming before you do.do not buy do not even rent this 
it is a waste of your money and time 
have you had a bad day    
just wanna go    whip some hide ? 
you got a motive already to start wasteing people !   
this is the safest way to let of steam ! ! ! ! 
how best to describe doom3 ? 
hmm ... take half - life , keep the same core storyline   
i kid you not , improve the graphics and sound one thousand times 
and you have doom 3 . 
so it should be good , right ? wrong . 
there , i ' ve said it !   
x , trigger monsters y and z   those scripts !   
run away   shoot monsters , repeat . 
you can not plan how you 're going to overcome the enemies . 
areas you thought were   
quot clear quot   suddenly spawn monsters behind you   
e.g. zombified security guards   - how did they get there ? 
some enemies teleport , but the zombies ? 
why do the zombie security guards use radios?on the subject of the enemy 
- the ai is absolutely terrible . 
and they do n't try to hide away from your bullets . 
and they do n't work as teams . 
and they do n't try to flush you out . 
they just . 
position .   
collect keycards and pdas to upgrade your security clearance level . 
once you collect a card , expect a load of monsters to spawn . 
strange how armour is always hidden away in corners is n't it ? 
i expect that 's the point . 
it 's still not as foreboding as alien vs predator 1 's environment though.yes 
you may think i hate the game . 
i do n't . 
you will see it 's all been done before .. and better . 
max payne for the playstation 2 is not worth the   money . 
it was a fun 11 hours , though . 
the hunting mode is fun for about ten minutes until you master it . 
this one is worth it , though ! 
i was lucky   
i got mine for twenty bucks from a walmart a few years back . 
, you ai n't gettin ' it ! 
profile follows the last days before ragnarok , the end of the world . 
in fact , no part of this game is boring . 
you 'll be quite happy you did . 
i ' ve been buying football games since the nes days . 
gameday 2001 is an average game at best . 
first , my st . 
louis rams ' roster is a complete mess . 
they have the wrong personel returning kickoffs   phroel   and punts   bruce . 
it seems clear to me that 989 rushed to finish the game and 
everybody loves the popular board game , monopoly , right ? 
the combat system is excellent . 
and i suggest that you play as both a light and dark side character   
it 's excellent . 
a mention must go to the graphics . 
if you compare resident evil to a george romero zombie flick 
to sum it up , 
however , you are wrong if that is your opinion ! 
however , it is n't quite as simple as it sounds . 
as a native new yorker i love this game even more . 
the controls are easy to learn . 
the best super hero game , the best spiderman game . 
you simply can not go wrong with this one ! 
buy it now , you will not regret it . 
were you getting bored with your sims ? 
tired of going on dates ? 
vacation getaway just brings you down to the dumps cause they 're so boring ? 
do n't like your parties anymore ? 
, i highly recommend it if you do not have it already . 
the sims unleashed adds a lovely 41 lot expansion to your neighborhood ! 
yes , that means you can build around 50 families ! ! !   
if you wanted to .   
in addition , an old town is installed right into your neighborhood ! ! 
the cab to get there is free ! ! ! 
you can now farm and eat your produce ! ! ! 
i recommend the tomatoes because they can re - harvest themselves . 
lt now back to the pets . 
they are really adorable ! ! ! 
you can play , pet , and train them .   
even housebreaking for the dogs ! and hunting for the cats ! !   
if you have a big garden 
i suggest having a cat to scare away the annoyancees . 
add it to your cart now ! ! 
and then it has a minor , minor flaw .   
the minor flaw is the password thing as opposed to saving your game . 
the minor minor one is the annoying music . 
other than that it is really good . 
oh yes .... this game is what it 's all about . 
yes , lara croft - men want her , women want to be her ... 
play this game - 
they have a new tr in the works now 
but it 's got a lot of bad karma to overcome 
... so far nothing has matched this original masterpiece . 
a game that is addictive and easy to play but hard to conquer . 
a game for the ages 
gt3 is a very good racer , but beware of the hype . 
i own gt3 and moto gp on ps2 , and several dreamcast racers . 
dreamcast racers always have 2 of the 3 , but rarely all of them . 
no production ford focus like gt2   but the rally car is still here . 
this is a humor pack with main highlights of ..... love bed sex chem . 
set good mood , love , freistein ! 
i like future style because there is a robot that does everything for you ! 
cooks , mech . , garnener , and maid ! 
he is really cool . 
xp 2100     
c u1 gb ram   
2x512 modules nvidia geforce 5900fx video   128 mb ram   from bfgsb 
audigyagain , for solo play it 'll run great at 1024x768 , ultra quality . 
but for multiplayer , get the best down upload bandwidth you can get .   
i have nothing but praise for the system and this game . 
the graphics were great , and i really love the voices . 
i think that they are so hot ! 
i love it ! 
event he bosses talk to you ! 
ok , lemme just say this 'll be a long review . 
first i 'll review half - life , then tfc .   
it deserves a little review , does n't it ? 
out.this thing is incredible , and the sequences make it even better . 
free heal ! 
might i mention the voices are great ?   
but that 's a nitpick . 
most of the maps are great- 
except many call dustbowl spambowl because of the excessive amount of thrown grenades 
... constantly i enjoy tfc over hldm because of the variety . 
sometimes i play medic and heal my teammates amid explosions . 
others i play engineer and set up a sentry gun to defend our flag . 
or maybe i might play pyro and enjoy setting enemies on fire . 
and if i ' m feeling frustrated ? 
so , want a fun game that you know you will enjoy . 
try this , wario land 3 . 
i know you will enjoy this game . 
just trust me.happy gaming ! 
ff8 is one of squresoft 's best releases . 
i eventually got over it and 
at first when i saw the dreamcast controller ... i was like ... 
it looks kinda weird . 
but after i bought the dreamcast ... played games on it .. 
i was like   quot 
i do nt need to shake my hand off with this thing . 
my point is ... 
i can play with the dc controller for hours ! 
whoever made this controller was 
brilliant!but if u are used to playing playstation ... the buttons are totally opposite ... 
i am a huge fan of roller coaster tycoon . 
so of course i had to try this game . 
but it just never really caught my imagination the way other games did . 
the game is very well implemented and eductional as well . 
i ' m sure plenty of people will like it . 
as for me , i ' m off to play other games . 
i have had my original game gear for 11 years now . 
not sure what you can really write about this item , it works fine ... 
this game is great . 
you can pick this game up and pop it in the console ... 
no reading of the instruction book required . 
plug - and - play at its finest . 
i want something that wo nt take me 8 hours to finish . 
the lighting and changing of daylight vs nighttime cycles are great . 
fans of platforming ... get this game ! 
if you do n't , you 'll find this frustrating . 
you really feel like you 're getting somewhere . 
i would reccomend it for anyone . 
this , people , is the nintendo difference . 
such a good console . 
in the later stages , the enemies will hit you no matter what 
and it works pretty well against most attacks except those of bosses . 
as you change your equipment you will notice that it reflects on your charachter . 
gameplay is smooth , no glitches , and the controls are easy . 
i really enjoyed this game . 
if you overlooked it before , give it a try . 
... then you 'll love this game . 
it 's better than the first . 
a must have for even the casual gamer . 
konami has done it once again . 
being the despondant young girl 
this game is enormous.its the best game i ve ever played in my life . 
if you have a game genie you ll play it like crazy . 
metroid you do nt need one zelda 
you do nt need one icarus 
you do nt need one.this you do.long live classic games ! 
i know what you 're thinking ... 
i need another controller . 
you wll hate every minute of this.as others 
rage quit - inducing . 
the price will be well worth it . 
its very annoying . 
you can not save your progress , if memory serves right   
grr!but , other than that , the plot is just plain amazing . 
i would actually rate this game as 3 1 2 stars . 
this game , i think , was just to   quot test 
the waters quot   so to say . 
however , it has next to no replay value . 
once you beat it , you have no real reason to play it again . 
right after you finish it . 
i feel like i played a different game from the rest of these reviewers . 
here.1 - lack of precision digital controls   
pushing the stick all the way forward allows the player to run . 
max payne does not have this feature . 
a slight tilt on the joystick will send max tumbling to his death . 
there is no excuse for this.3 - dull , repetitious game play   
ve heard that the second game improves on the mechanics of the first , 
ok this game has one of the best licences out there . 
there is no variety at all . 
and also the car handles a bit crap 
and it 's not much fun driving around after a few days . 
worth a rent only . 
honestly , there 's nothing good about this game . 
the graphics are not at all what the playstation console has the ability for . 
okay , so the story sounds good ... 
but why was n't there a sequence within the game showing us the story ? 
and plus , all the bad guys that you shoot look like cardboard.i 
this was bad . 
are they kidding ? 
tom clancy 's ghost recon is an incredibly fun first person shooter . 
if you like military squad based games , this is definately for you . 
and it still held up as a great game . 
in simple terms ,   it was fantastic .   
there were plenty of maps available , all with different environments . 
it seemed pretty realistic and along with the sound made a great gaming experience.sound 
the sound in this game was pretty fantastic when it was released . 
everything seemed very realistic and gave the gamer a great gaming experience . 
talk about lasting appeal ... this game definatley had some ! ! ! 
the detailed graphics and overall game play overcame the game 's few flaws . 
but at that point i had only played single player mode . 
is great . 
so i picked this up and poped it in . 
the first thing i noticed was that there were a lot of little movies . 
players getting pumped up before a game , celebrations on and off the ice . 
i thought that was pretty cool , and a new added feature . 
the graphics   the players are sharper , the ice is thicker . 
the fans actually move in 3d ! 
but overall , not to great . 
this game had great graphics , but so did previous versions.2 . 
the options   horrible . 
that was about as dumb as having no franchise mode in nba live 2001 . 
i am seriously disapointed by the options in this game . 
nothing new whatsoever!3 . 
more new features and better graphics is what this game needs . 
i hope ea changed things in 2003 edition . 
oops , too bad ! 
they did the same thing . 
rent before u buy , then make your decision . 
here 's a new one from the creators of resident evil . 
this is a very good game with a good story line . 
rent it before you buy it and see if you like it first . 
overall a great game to play though . 
it 's fast , with lots of combat action and gorgeous special effects . 
there 's a lot of watching in this game ... 
my favorite system of all time , but here 's an honest review . 
i ' ve had an n64 for over 8 years . 
i was obsessed . 
i got mine in late 1997 and it still works great . 
the games are excellent . 
this system is a must have for any gamer . 
it 's the perfect multiplayer system . 
excellent multiplayer system3 . 
very durable all around2 . unique controller1 . 
awesome gamescons 4 . 
not mature enough games ... 
but that 's nintendo for you ... 
deal with it!3 . 
you need too many accessories . 
although you can get away with just a memory card .   
my advice 2 . 
like it 's predecessors , you 'll eventually have to blow on your games1 . 
control stick gets kinda crappy after lots of usage.the pros definitely outweigh the cons ... 
if i did n't have an n64 i 'd buy one in a heartbeat . 
my favorite system of all time . 
i love this game . 
there , had to be said . 
love it . 
love it . 
love it . 
the techno - wizards have surpassed themselves once again . 
they certainly   quot toe quot   
i play games for the story and fun factor . 
big deal . 
ff7 and ff8 were futuristic and technological in their settings . 
ff10 has taken another turn . 
who cares if the title says   quot fantasy quot   or not . 
this series is the best selling game series of all time . 
it lies in the story and gameplay ... 
you will not be dissapointed ... 
i was n't . 
after playing a demo , i was hooked . 
now that mg2 is on the ps2 , i can not get any sleep . 
the only gripe i have is   it takes up 8 mb of memory . 
i love playing computer games 
and i do n't need fancy graphics to make me happy . 
i can deal with the crappy graphics , but gameplay itself is just boring . 
the voting is kind of fun , if you have immunity ! 
otherwise , be prepared for a quick   quot game over ! 
anyways , this game is a waste of money . 
it 's quite simply not fun . 
this was fine 20 years ago , but not now!still , a classic ! 
the villains are always cool and often extraordinary   boba fett ! 
dark troopers !    
you can jump and crawl   
there 's a good mapping utility and there are secret stashes of ammo . 
i love this game.a strength   the game is very stable . 
a weakness   
no saving within a level ! 
a bonus -- the music is very good.get this game . 
so , i rented silent hill 2 . 
how wrong i was.first off , this is a sorry attempt at a game . 
people say this is a puzzle game . 
in it 's loosest definition - yes it is . 
the same way old games like king 's quest were puzzle games . 
basically , all you do is walk . 
that 's it . 
you walk . 
really nothing else . 
you walk and hope you find something . 
that 's it . 
to move from one end of the street to the other takes forever . 
not once was i scared or awed . 
the graphics are below par for a playstation 2 game . 
the fog is cool for a second , but annoys you afterwards . 
the monsters are a joke . 
you 're just in the town with no explicit instructions . 
big whoop , a key . 
then you wander some more to find where the key goes to . 
so , after playing for an hour , you ' ve opened a gate . 
this game - you only opened a damn gate . 
finally , after another hour , what do you get ? 
a cool new weapon ? 
a great story cut - scene ? 
no - you get a flashlight . 
what does the flash light do ? 
reveal new secrets ? 
find new terrifying monsters ? 
no - you can now read the map of the apartment building . 
i continued on until i reached another apartment building that looked exactly the same . 
here 's a spoiler for you . 
the monsters that roam the town ? 
they 're not trying to kill you . 
this game just plain   smells . 
square just delivers what you would have expected from a ff game . 
yes , people will still complain about the random battles . 
bottom line , final fantasy 9 is great game that i enjoy playing . 
graphic , presentation and value outweigh minor imperfection of sound and gameplay . 
square has successfully perpetuated the legend of the final fantasy series . 
yeah , i had trouble coming up with a decent introduction line . 
how can i explain what actraiser is like ? 
honestly , i do n't have any experience with simulation type games . 
it 's only part sim!when 
maybe it was for the best , maybe not . 
i probably would n't have liked the game back then anyway . 
you are an angel , and you fly around shooting monsters and building towns . 
do n't give up if you have trouble defeating a boss . 
sometimes it takes a few tries 
i guess your character is god . 
sounds crazy , but i think it 's true ! 
i really do n't know . 
my game did n't come with an instruction manuel . 
there 's got ta be a way!oh 
the music . 
back to the music . 
check out the foxtrot or nursery cryme albums to see what i mean.this game sure 
makes me feel all magical inside . 
maybe it 's the release of the new harry potter movie a few months ago 
that got me all excited to review this game , i do n't know . 
there must be something in this game for you to enjoy ! 
how did that guy know i was resting ? 
overall , this game rocks . 
the gameplay is superb and the graphics rock thte house . 
it can be very annoying if you want to build a big city . 
wheter getting to a place or other taks , all of them need planning . 
it may not have the best graphics but o.k.gameplay excellent . 
i would give it a 10.this game is fabulous ! 
get it ! 
when you 're shooting up zombies and aliens , subtlety is not needed . 
right next to each other . 
there are plenty of areas that lead to nowhere and wasted space . 
the idea of real time on different levels   strategy    
battle   is interesting but i find it a step in the wrong direction . 
too many things happen too fast and one can not make proper decisions . 
i still prefer the turn - based system .     
it sound as if i threw my   lords of the realm iii   
cd in the dustbin ? 
no , i ' m enjoying it . 
i ' m going to say it outright   
i waffled between nfl 2k3 and madden 2003 . 
it came down to this . 
nfl 2k and nfl 
2k1 were great on the dreamcast . 
the last madden i played was nfl 2002 on the pc . absolutely terrible . 
by far the best for any football console game . 
nfl 2k and nfl 
2k1 had great playability , in this game i found it lacking . 
this happens , constantly . 
what about the other 4 games ? 
i play dime defense , and i easily stop the run.how about the flaws ? 
one flaw is offensive rushing . 
it basically comes down to one question . 
another flaw is the problem of switching to a man in coverage . 
often times , 
this happens about one - third the time . 
guess what ? 
there are four downs . 
i was screwed . 
also , sacks are just rare . 
interceptions outnumber sacks 4 to 1.the most annoying flaw ? 
couple this with the player switching and pi bug 
the best way to stop a drive ? give it a 2nd and short . 
not quite a grand simulation.other things annoyed me . 
the long , long , learning curve for one . 
another is the extensive amount of plays . 
wants.so , how did i do in a season ? 
i played franchise mode , which was neat . 
being able to sign a player   i got 
i was first in passing offense , and first in overall defense . 
i was dead last in rushing . 
farve through two times as many interceptions as touchdowns.here 's irony for you . 
well , let me explain . 
this meant that the computer would start passing at almost every down . 
they 're two minute offense is unstoppable . 
out of the last 10 games , i lost 7 . 
onegames i lost was due to unstoppable running back . 
i maybe lost two legitimate games out of the seven . 
not fun at all.other things annoyed me . 
the camera angles are not very well done . 
even the far camera angle cuts off the sides of the field . 
also , you can not design your own plays . 
level adjustment bars . 
how bad is that ? 
i do n't go to a golf course and choose to tee off 
where ever i want . 
i do n't widen the hole to make putting easier . 
i play the course as is . 
if the course is screwed up , i just do n't play it . 
it 's the same way with sports games . 
that was the bad . 
here 's the good . 
it 's still a good simulation up to a point . 
the feel of passing is unbelievable . 
finally , it 's a smooth game . 
you can see that a lot of time and effort was put into this game.would 
i recommend it ? 
if you want a good game where you can just sink 
you 're teeth into it 
, just go out and buy a used dreamcast with nfl 2k . 
it 'll probably be cheaper . 
activision did it again ! 
tony hawk 's pro skater 2 is gold on every system 
is touches ! 
as for the graphics , wow ! 
it looks almost as good as the playstation ! 
amazing ! ! 
activision and vicarious visions made a gem here . 
i remember really enjoying this game . 
the graphics are remarkably more in detail then the previous legend games . 
i do n't remember writing a lot 
but you see a cave 
i liked the game , for me the frustration level was rare . 
if you like older games then this will be a fun one for you 
i do nt know 
and i do nt care wat 
those things are . 
but the ps2 console has wat 
those 2 consoles do nt have and wo nt have ! ! 
games ! ! 
xbox owners make me sick by talking about the holy game , halo . 
big wup . 
1 good game that s not on the ps2 . 
and people keep talking about gta3 for xbox and gamecube .. 
r u insane ? 
the gamecube is nt bad , accept for its games . 
mario is old news and nintendo should stop . 
all the games are cartoons and are great for ages 
6-11.buy an xbox 
old.buy a ps2 
u like all sorts of games 
well its because i can ! ! 
i m not tryin to bore people wit this 
but please read it and if u can plllllz help me out.well first of all 
i got it installed to the back of the ps2 
i have   comcast   
now i put the set up disc in the ps2 and from the menu 
it does nt provide comcast as a internet provider 
so i had to click on   
and now i typed in my user name   
blahblahblah comcast.net and password and clicked   continue   . 
now when i was doin 
the    testin connection   
it says     connection timed out    am i missin something here ? 
what s the problem wit it ? 
did i do somethin wrong ? 
did i connect something wrong ? 
i hear all this people sayin it easy as 1,2,3 
but i been tryn to get it to work for 2 days now 
hope to hear from y all 
bye ! ! ! ! 
i first rented this game and soon thought that i needed to have it . 
i was pretty much entertained . 
and money   or bells in the game   is pretty easy to come by 
and i suppose it is to a point . 
if you do n't have little kids in your house , avoid animal crossing . 
this was before i was old enough to order it from amazon   
i installed it into my computer and after about three minutes 
i was thrilled.the sims unleasheed 
i have to make is that of the pets . 
you 'd think they could at least be housebroken ! 
overall , it 's a wicked game 
after awhile , though ... it did n't matter . 
if you 're a star wars fan , you 'll really enjoy this one . 
graphics is good , but not great . 
it lacks a bit in game modes also . 
but the sense of speed and exhiliration is excellent . 
those who gave this game a low mark definitely have their priority mixed up . 
in this game , the hige hige bandits 
i also think some of the boss battles are goofy   constructor 
it 's actually quite addicting . 
usually , they look pretty nice . 
sometimes not so nice . 
some of the music is pretty good . 
it 's simple , but a lot of fun . 
that is why i gave it 3 stars as its overall score . 
it 's not a bad game . 
it 's a lot of fun . 
it 's just a bit too goofy . 
fine for kids , but not as fine for anyone older . 
it 's a game 
i ' ve outgrown , but still enjoy . 
words really can describe how wonderful this game is . 
this is a must have ! 
this game is below average and a discrace to the twisted metal genre . 
the soundtrack is good but this game is a huge dissapointment . 
if you want to try this game , rent it at blockbuster . 
halo 2 is by far one of the best shooters of all time . 
it is worth alone to buy an xbox . 
it has all the good things great mutiplayer levels , great campanine levels . 
it does not . 
the only thing bad about it is that you can not throw gernades . 
i recommened this game to anyone who likes good shooters . 
you are kyle katarn a republic mercenary and former jedi . 
we have a winner . 
this game was a very ambitious project origionally launched by square soft . 
the anime cut scenes compliment the in - game graphics . 
it is n't seemless 
sometimes you are exploring an area in human size . 
sometimes you are on a large overhead map 
but you can board and exit your   gear   robot . 
the rpg elements borrow from almost every video game ever . 
the game uses an   active time battle   system . 
differant buttons have differant point ap point values . 
entering specific button combo 's will activate specific super attacks . 
you can save your points up to unload with a super finisher combo . 
instead of magic , you get   ether points   for magic attacks . 
your ether stuff is the usual attack buff heal rpg fair . 
fighting in your   gear   is the same . 
disk 1 was a non stop rolercoaster ride . 
it gets alot lazier but the programmers had a deadline to make . 
this is one of the greatist games i will never play again . 
i enjoyed it . 
play this if you consider yourself a hardcore square rpg gamer . 
a rather humorous dialogue follows . 
spongebob thinks the flying dutchman is a genie . 
the dutchman explains ,   i was imprisoned ... 
i mean , i was enjoying a peaceful slumber ...   
after each level , he gets a password to the next level . 
there are also doubloons to collect   gold coins that hang in different places . 
in this game , you can collect lives before starting the next level . 
it is easy because you just have to duplicate the jellyfish 's moves . 
krabs , plantkon , the hooks , rock bottom , etc . . 
you can also gain helpful items like karate gloves and a jellyfish net . 
the levels are a little challenging , but not too bad . 
the hooks one was the worst for me . 
this game takes rpg to the next level . 
even though it 's rated t , it has bood and gore . 
i think it 's called ephilar , or something like that . 
well , that 's all i can tell you 
, i ' ve only been playing for a half an hour . 
i just do n't get it . 
gameboy is just trying to make a quick buck . 
mostly not even half . 
in conclusion , gameboy is not all it 's cracked up to be . 
m sorry if you do n't agree 
but that 's my honest opinion . 
so , save a quick buck and buy a video game console instead .   
chrono trigger is my favorite game of all time . 
chrono cross is my least favorite game of all time . 
and i really wanted to try and at least figure out the connection 
it had almost nothing to connect it to the first game . 
i did n't feel this game was much fun at all . 
did it right . 
chrono cross is lower than low when compared to the gameplay of suikoden 3 . 
awesome ! ! ! 
i never thought i would like mmorpgs . 
my little brother has this game . 
i played his , and it is just like the snes game . 
i love it . 
i have got to get one . 
i do n't know what is ! 
i do n't think it detracts from the game too much 
but it would have been nice to get to know the characters 
better.story- 10 10   
the story is exellent ! 
the sound is good ... 
that 's all i can say . 
now this is an essential game for sega dreamcast owners . 
this game is so fun and addictive it 's almost ridiculous . 
each character has their own strengths and each are pretty fun to play with . 
this one is well worth a purchase ! 
the right , that is probably the biggest prablem 
, everything else is the best . 
mario golf blends rpg elements with the great game of golf . 
you start out by creating a character then putting points into different skills . 
this earns you more points to put into each skill level . 
this was the 1st resident evil i played and beat myself . 
it was satisfying , and fun and the story was interesting . 
the storyline is very confusing , and the backtracking is tedious and ridiculous . 
i would have been so mad if i would have not cheated . 
i enjoyed visiting and exploring all different places , especially the mansion . 
the controls take time getting used to , because they feel awkward . 
you can not store many items and ammo is limited , very limited . 
the puzzles are impossible , i did n't even try to figure them out . 
so be prepared to get so frustrated ! 
it became a cultural phenomenon . 
it simply put a new spin on the puzzle genre.dr . 
mario perhaps some of the simplest gameplay of any game . 
mario stands on the sidelines and throws pills into a jar . 
in the jar are different color viruses . 
red , yellow and blue . 
the color of the virus does n't matter . 
what matters is the colors on the pill mario throws in . 
in the first level , there are just a few viruses . 
you can choose what level you want to begin with . 
it keeps going . 
medium , low , or high . 
this is really the only thing which will add difficulty to the game . 
but then again , there 's not much skill involved in dr . 
which is exactly why dr . 
mario works . 
very colorful . 
mario 's graphics because they 're just so basic . 
even for an nes game . 
so there 's nothing groundbreaking even for its time . 
but who cares ? 
it 's a great game and its simple . 
while there 's no doubt that tetris had nothing to fear , dr . 
mario was still a fun game.if there was anything wrong with dr . 
regardless of which one you have , you 'll probably be satisfied . 
quake 3 is completely different than the first two quake and doom games . 
but i find myself liking this game better than the new quake 4 . 
they 're two totally different games and should n't be compared . 
this is a quake game , and ut is n't . 
but all in all , i found this game incredibly fun . 
i ' ve spent hours just playing through it multiple times . 
i bought nba live and was very upset with everthing but the graphics . 
nba2k1 is far , far superior in every aspect . 
nothing i ' ve found so far has been able to beat halo . 
the back said that it was multiplayer , so i picked it up . 
i was not impressed by it . 
no real strategy . seemed bland , and seemed to be missing something . 
it was the same feeling i had when playing mechwarrior online . 
it was fun the first couple of games , but just had no substance . 
it was pretty   bad   also . 
the graphics seemed ok , but the voice acting was pretty bad . 
also , i could have really seemed to care less for the story . 
the whole game just could n't hold my interest . 
to start off this is one of the best console fps 
i ' ve ever played . 
, you can save at any time in during the game 
worth the 50 bucks 
you ' ve got disney in my squaresoft ! 
well you ' ve got squaresoft in my disney!one of the most unexpectedly enjoyable games 
i ' ve played in quite a long time . 
voice acting - incredible graphics - realistic sound effects   
especially once the familiar disney enemies show up . 
finally some innovation when it comes to bosses.cons 
please god , get under the sea outta my head 
in this version , when you start career mode there is no time clock 
what so ever ! 
and the level design is very realistic . 
the levels also are very realistic as well . 
there will not be halfpipes and ramps all in the middle of the road . 
the game is based on real life . 
and the cheats ... well you have to find them out yourself . 
each time i play it 
i notice aspects that have been replicated in many following fps games . 
of course it works great , it s a    34 sony 
genuine ps2 memory card   34   
it comes sealed and new.thanks 
bored one night , i perused the dorm looking for something to do . 
a   quot friend quot    
i ' m pretty sure it was the devil himself in disguise of mine 
quot   from that hour 
i ever uninstall . 
i do n't know how to describe the addiction . 
it is probably something akin to what heroin users experience . 
it is   that   strong . 
if you 're new to this game , i 'll give you the basics . 
it gives a free research advancement . 
each has a great incentive and unique reward to offer to your civilization . 
but slow on the research . 
discover gunpowder and finally vanquish that annoying french city on your fringes . 
discover railways and move your troops around with no movement penalties . 
fortunatley this game is able to stand on its own without the graphics . 
that being said this game does have a single fault . 
i have found a few annoying bugs . 
if you have played thief one then you 'll love theif ii 
plus the veriaty of the missions is great . 
anywhere from being a assasin to framing someone . 
this game is sure to be a classic 
i ' m about 3 4 the way through the game and none too 
impressed.the graphics are good , but c ' mon , this is ps2 . 
plus , there are no cutscenes . 
that 's right . 
none whatsoever . 
, that 's where i have to go.the gameplay is frustrating . 
you do this   with the d - pad . 
and the graphic - novel style cutscenes are just plain boring . 
why?bullet time . 
now this feature is cool . 
hit a button    everything   including max   slows down . 
you can dodge in bullet time . 
it allows your reactions to be faster than those around you . 
i 'd much rather wait for the new syphon filter . 
worth a rental or maybe buy it used . 
could also use a tournament mode . 
medal of honor is an absolutely outstanding game . 
boy , was i surprised afterwards . 
you hardly notice that once you get into it . 
the sound is what truly shines in this game . 
everything from germans yelling to one another to shotgun fire to explosions . 
control is deadon , no complaints there . 
it 's definitely a classic that will stand for all - time . 
fast shipping arrived in great condition just as described . 
great classic game to add to my collection . highly recommended . 
a   classic donkey kong for snes 
i think i like the music just as much as i like playing . 
aahh aah ! ! 
let 's just say he has not played this game that much 
but he cliams to like , 
but the vita is all he really plays now . 
killer graphics ! 
super internet play ! 
this is twice what mechwarrior2 was mechwarrior.if you must buy this 
please get the expanion game 
does it live up to the hype ? 
oh i ' 
m sorry , game boy advance games . 
the ending was heartfelt - but too short - 
so i am hoping that they are planning to make some sort of sequel . 
the graphics are ok , the plot and the characters compensate for that . 
m a adventure game junkie 
first thought   quot better than madden ! 
your limits as new tougher ai shuts down your passing game . 
onimusha warlords and the sims bustin out 
do n't listen to that . 
because the sp is 10x better then game boy advanced . 
so the screen do n't scratch.charges just like a phone 
so no batteries!easy to carry around , it fits in your pocket.good in blackouts . 
could be used as a lighting source.sound is 10x better then 
original.con 's a little pricey 
personally it took about 60 hours to beat . 
i like to take my time and find all the secretscons- graphics , old gen 
if you like mariokart you will like this game . 
the differences in gameplay are miniscule . 
great multiplayer fun . 
if you have ps2 though , you need a ps1 multitap . 
there are codes to unlock more battlemode stages . 
i like mariokart64 better but this is a more than adequete game . 
when i first read some reviews from magazines i was a little curshed . 
the game my heart was set on buying suddenly sucked . 
i just bought the bouncer despit my doubts and was completely surprised . 
i do nt know what they were talking about . 
you get to be in the hotseat of purely outstanding graphics and fun gameplay . 
do n't hesitate in buying this game . 
its fun , challenging and a graphical masterpiece 
tob has n't come out yet . 
people on this are rating shadows of amn . 
but it is also one big cut scene of do this 
and this cut scene will happen and so on . 
no choice . 
my lawful good cavalier - paladin of equall strenght to severok 
no killing imoen or wrecking havok on villagers and such . 
amd recommended for any party .   
now back to the important stuff . 
tob is a pail imitation of soa 
but it is not a bad game . 
soa is hard to compair with anything . 
whoever made this is a lazy , suspicious manufacturer ... but it works ! 
it works so well ! 
ps2 games no longer look    
it 's a marked improvement over how things look traditionally . 
so i highly recommend the cable 
and you also better make sure you pay attention to the plug   
it seems suspicious , but it 's not , and it works really well . 
this 'll be awsome ! 
you are a person in the movie ... 
i think its a montly fee ... is it ? 
tell me how you think of it ! 
please tell me ! 
pros 1 . 
beautiful , immersive , atmospheric worlds . 
monumental architecture . 
eerie music . 
breathtaking cut - scenes . 
ugly , creepy arch - villain.2 . 
the inventory feature is exceptionally easy to use.cons 1 . 
some locations are too dark and murky . 
some mechanical levers controls respond correctly only if you move the mouse very slowly.3 . 
this is a review for the playstation version of the world is not enough.unbelievable . 
i highly disagree with all the people who hate it . 
big deal . 
it would n't hurt anyone to play a game by themselves for a change . 
give me a freakin ' break.- horrible play control . 
it 's   exactly   the same as medal of honor and quake ii . 
leave this game alone , for crying out loud . 
another huge exaggeration . 
not true . 
how the heck can people criticize this ? 
i ' m not sure . 
yes , i can agree with this ... to an extent . 
it might take you a long time to win that much money.- repetitive music . 
this is a gigantic mystery to me . 
i have no idea what people are complaining about . 
i really do n't.- having to sort through items and weapons . 
this is n't a problem either . 
there 's two ways you can do this . 
not really true . 
everything you carry in your item list has a purpose . 
again , not really true . 
you use stealth probably only two or three times in the entire game . 
this is a nice extra touch to an already above average game.like 
i said to a friend the other day- 
big deal . 
do you really think it 's possible to surpass such an awesome game ? 
it 's possible , but it has n't happened that much 
, i can tell you that . 
most games start off with a basic shooting level . 
not this game . 
this is the skiing level . 
by the way , this is actually a pretty fun level . 
not mindless at all.i love this game . 
i do n't know what 's wrong with the people who hate it . 
you really have to stop comparing everything to goldeneye . 
time to move on . 
great game . 
m glad i own it . 
the matrix - stylied shots are some of the best i have ever seen ! 
but one downfall is the belly button physics are horrible . 
el fuego 's is sticking out like a sore thumb ... literally . 
half - pint 's belly button definetly is n't half pint . 
but the graphics are definetly above average . 
the character animations are literally un friggin believable . 
but it 's just plain kiddy . 
i found it with soul calibur 2 . 
they have a new character which they took from the teken series 
and i know xbox got spawn and gamecube got link from zelda 
this one lets you control all directions of movement like a true barnstormer . 
diving , ascending , barrel rolls , bank turns , stalls 
but it is n't a frustrating task . 
the best word i can use to describe the experience is   quot fun . 
just rock solid gameplay.flying games do n't get any better than this . 
this game is a monsterous disaster . 
mirrors rainbow six 3 in many ways ... good graphics . 
many of the same tactics are still used today in advanced warfighter ... 
e cook interesting recipies for you , going gambling and favors for koopa koot . 
she started racing that morning , while i tried to read a new book . 
not just a series of straight lines with slow traffic left around like obstacles . 
even paint jobs , if you like.do you lose when you race ? 
often enough . 
to tune and craft as i see fit ... 
well sort of anyway ... 
the story - line 's kind of muddled .   
most of the game is just your standard fps fare   
you move through completely linear levels wreaking havoc and shooting everything that moves . 
it 's nothing terribly great , but it 's not as bad as it 
sounds.the graphics are just so incredibly inconsistent . 
however , some of the levels look like something from an average ps2 game . 
even the textures within the levels can be inconsistent . 
you can only save after completing a level   
at times turok really shows some glimpses of brilliance . 
just does n't have anything original to make up for it 's technical shortcomings.sound   
6 10 your typical fps   shoot everything that moves . 
1 10 nothing new here.value   
, it could have been a good solid shooter . 
some people do n't know what they are talking about . 
all games are designed for different systems . 
they work hard to create this game . 
it could be your outdated components , or maybe you just overexaggerate . 
i had the same problem with the ' freelancer ' reviewers . 
ok , every single game has it 's down sides 
and it 's up sides . 
said it was no good , nothing special and 2 stars and 
obviously some people think that the demo is good enough . 
some write a review with no basis and some write it based on demos . 
if you want an accurate review , play the game ! ! 
i ' ve just acquired aom this weekend 
you can choose which god to adorate and be on your side . 
want to live mythical adventures in the north ? 
it 's a brand new game with hours of assured fun . 
this game is fun and exciting . 
it 's one of the all time greats on the ps2 system . 
you drive as you do car stunts . 
great game for adults also . 
screw tekken and its generic , slow - ass fighters . 
the game offers plenty to do . 
first off , the music does not suit a fighting game . 
stick with the japanese voices , people . 
sound effects , however , are amazing . 
can you find and claim the soul edge as your own ? ? ? 
or will you be driven mad ? 
make you think , huh ? 
this game has too many memorable moments to keep track of . 
that 's another thing , a good game keeps you frustrated . 
the frustrating moments can be bad in addition to rewarding . 
single - player lasts only so long . 
also , the game is addicting . 
m sure they 'll think of something . 
i really did n't know what it was 
but after i strated playing , i could n't stop . 
i mean it 's very stright forward gameplay . 
take over each others land . 
yet , you just can not seem to log off . 
things   sorry for the   quot cave quot   spoiler . 
the disc is in perfect condition , no dust , no scratches . 
i blame my isp for that one . 
i love this game . 
medal of honor frontline is a really great game . 
all the levels are based on real events exept for the last ones . 
its a hard game to beat . 
i only beat it with codes . 
there s no two player but otherwise its a great game . 
if you liked the other moh games you will probably like this game . 
the first ratchet   amp   
before this game we did n't have much to define this perticular genre . 
now adays , the second installment of ratchet   amp   
clank is out and i have already beat it 5 times . 
this has to be one of the best ps1 games around it is awesome 
mgs2 is a good game with great graphics and play control . 
that 's practically dead   wwf in your house , etc . 
so i tried the wcw nitro demo 
and i was surpriesed ! 
i was so surprised of the gameplay , graphics , and sound ! 
i was amazed . 
amazingly bad and hard 
and it was boring ! 
until , i read from a magazine that wwe raw was coming to pc . 
i could n't been anymore excited . 
i was again , amazed . 
i was amazed by the graphics , sounds , and gameplay . 
the graphics are tremendous and so is the sound . 
there are no commentary but that 's no big deal to me . 
the gameplay was good but controls were hard to get used to at first . 
sorry if this was n't helpful to you . 
i was in a hurry . 
i recently bought this game and enjoy it througly ! 
it has outstanding graphics and great realism . 
with good mission brefings the game missions spelled out for you . 
buy this game if you enjoy intense action and great team play . 
this game rocks ! ! ! ! 
cool roller coasters 
want to hear somthing odd the peeps look like blobs and that is true . 
if you want to no more write a coment . 
i ' m a big fan of rpgs , especially those involving magic . 
nightcaster has a cool spell concept . 
your sympathetic orb goes ,   jeez , time to take revenge !   
and despite those many years of training , the spells you cast are 
definitely a game to rent first before you buy . 
style and 2 .   
as fun as it is 
just be wary that the experience is brief , but intense . 
sonic on a nintendo system . 
sonic , the ultimate 2d game . 
on nintendo 's ultimate platform ... handheld , that is . 
this is a good buy , go for it ! 
this game is great ! 
animals are soooooo cute ! 
especially the orcas and polar bears . 
you can even name all of them , too . 
like you 're running your own zoo ! 
it 'll break right through them . 
it is all about groups and large scale raids . 
in fact , several player class abilities were   quot 
nerfed quot   by sony 
quot   if anything is true about   quot planes of power , quot   
are what one can expect from this mediocre expansion pack . 
quot   naturally 
buy this game ! 
you will not regret it.i ' m not a fan of strategy games . 
however , i can not stop playing this game . 
every year i pick it up and start playing it 
again.you are at the helm of a multinationally funded ufo defense team . 
need to get down to a lower floor ? 
blast a hole and drop down ! 
you can even level a hill if you have the firepower ! 
the designers should be proud , they thought of everything.if you try this game 
you will discover a new love . 
i loved the game and we 'd spend hours playing it . 
soon we got a computer and i got sim city 2000 and 
but like i said , i remember playing it my aunts house 
well , blizzard hit the gold mine with original diablo . 
and . . . was disappointed.really disappointed . 
well , . . . 
they stress tested for 10,000 people . 
what did blizzard think ? 
that we would graciously limit ourselves 10,000 people at a time ?   
10,000 world wide if i understand the news wheel correctly .   
granted the change was for the best . 
at least blizzard did n't lose all of their brain cells . 
we game players are an impatient bunch . 
and now on to the graphics . 
well , . . . 
the graphics are nothing new . 
still problems with the voodoo 2 series of the cards   under certain circumstances 
it appears that you are looking through a sheet of water .   
monsters are still ho hum , areas are um . . 
the same random maps . 
not much difference except the   quot bowled quot   effect . 
whatever.controls are the same . 
both points are good . 
however , many may not like the newer compact look of the screen . 
find that the characters are somewhat unbalanced for game play . 
i can not really decide if this is good or bad . 
one star for the solid , but very stock , graphics . 
one star for the extremely refined controls . 
quot is that fair ? 
you may ask . 
playing online or on a lan is the other 50 . 
sorry guys and gals . 
i can not decide whether to give or take one star for the characters . 
one star for the character selection and development . 
the final star goes towards overall addiction . 
all in all , three and a half stars rounded up to four . 
a final note ,   
i ' m positive , no more paragraphs .   
i tend to leave those out . 
goodbye to 2d worlds and hello to 3d environments ! 
now sonic is putting a bigger emphasis on exploring in new worlds . 
the plot is easily one of the best ! 
the dialouge between these characters are very good and not chessy one bit ! 
yuji naki is the creator of the supreme hedgehog franchise . 
the only ... person is big the fat . 
the niggling fishing game must be removed ! 
it 's the worst thing on the planet ! 
thank god , biggums is nowhere to be found in sonic adventure 2 battle ! 
i actually did purchase this game two times . 
i lent it out some years ago and never got it back . 
i recently noticed that the price is very modest 
so i picked it up again . 
its lots of fun running around , hiding , killing from the unseen . 
its better while doing it while the great game soundtrack is playing . 
this game has very catchy music that brings you you right in . 
gameplay makes the game and this game has plently . 
plenty of enemies to defeat 
each ninja only has a small amount of stealth kills to use . 
there are plenty of regular attacks to be diverse but only 3 stealthy kills . 
you usually do the neck slice   yawn . 
another downside is that many of the ninja items you acuire will be useless . 
again the graphics are dated . 
the enemy ai is a pretty stupid . 
replay value is pretty darn good . 
this game will not sit in a closet . 
this is the best hockey game ever ... 
this game is perfect if only they did n't put mario lemieux on the cover 
great game for any time , i would recommend buying it . 
done right , it would be one of the greatest multiplayer games ever . 
combat itself is somewhat simplified   target a creature or npc and attack . 
it works but it is n't particularly innovative.player vs. player combat 
factions also have battlefields , designated areas where pretty much anything goes . 
512 mb of ram is simply not enough in busy cities . 
i guess the rest of the planets are uninhabited . 
what 's worse , the galactic civil war as backdrop is simply that . 
lastly , where are the jedi ? 
that is , if jedi are in the game at all . 
this game has held my attention for how much ever time 
i ' ve played it till now but not without its problems . 
the graphics are astounding but not all the puzzles are logical . 
almost all the puzzles in ireland are in this category . 
i simply loved the bridge and spider puzzles in the maya world . 
they were very entertaining . 
the hell bit in china did nothing but drag the game further.next - 
to top it 
i grew up playing mortal kombat . 
soul calibur is the first 3d fighter that i felt is worth the buy . 
it has a deep storyline , as deep as fighting games get . 
the graphics are the best you can find on any system . 
buy the game if you even remotely like fighting games . 
if you do n't ... what is wrong with you ? 
some adv . 
gameplay is fun and keeps you coming back for more . 
also , the emphasis is n't really on advancing your creatures- although there is that- 
but on building your dungeon and wiping out your enemy . 
the only complaint i have about dk 2 is that it 's old . 
now , normally i do n't complain about the age of a game . 
also , dk 2 has some odd software quirks . 
grab it while you can ! 
icewind dale ii is in essence a sequel of a sequel . 
this game can be played the brute force way . 
but there in is the rub . 
for this to happen you need to have lots of game time 
so you rarely even begin to tap these potentials during the campaigns . 
and unfortnately this game did not succeed in this realm.i liked the game . 
i thought it was a sleeper hit in its own right . 
play it with a friend , it brought back lots of fond memories . 
this game is great.harry shows fantastic effects to us.without saying more 
i ' m giving some thing 
this helps you ! 
popped it into my n64 and tried to use it . 
all i can say is i hope there is a kotor 3 . 
this game made it so fun to be the dark side . 
i ' m so glad george lucas had no part on this game ! 
you do n't so much as interact with any of the people within tropico 
and i do not wish to put you off it ... 
just make sure you play the demo and if you love the game ... 
but it 's just not me . 
i really wanted to like this game , i really did . 
i loved infernal machine even though it looks so hopelessly dated graphically now . 
this one promised great things and the graphics are beautiful . 
on my machine they look like photographs . 
the fighting was fun for a little while 
i ' m 
only part way through it 
so i do n't know the whole storyline yet 
non - intuitive that even now i hate them , 
but if i had known the controls would be like this 
he does n't go forward 
i doubt if i will finish it .. sigh ... 
timeless soundtrack , timeless everything except the visuals.got this as a 3 year old 
now go get a job . 
this is the second of the four games in the series . 
no complaining about that . 
i did n't experience no lag or buges so were good . 
2 2 .                 
spoiler alert             
the story is basically a revenge drama in the making . 
the main character is out for revenge because his village was destroyed by nobunaga . 
jubei learns that he is half oni from his mother who is an oni . 
trust me you will find out later why he is so difficult . 
you can have multiple endings with each of these characters . 
the music and sound were pretty good in my imho . 
2 2.controls   
the camera angles and handling of the controls work perfectly . 
2 2.overall , this was a great game to play and i enjoyed it . 
the story was eventful , and extremely fun . 
i also really like gogandantess because of code of honor . 
9 10.game on . 
i ca nt see why people call halo the greatest fps of all time . 
the single player was simply pointless . 
there was no point to it . 
the graphics are ok but the controls are truly horrible . 
the whole x - box controller design is horrible for that matter . 
a disappointment . 
metroid 1986 . 
for its day this was unheard of.now 
the positives -well designed game layout . 
very clever , nintendo .- very diverse array of weapons and abilities . 
you need the icebeam again when approaching the end of the game . 
some may get frustrated with this aspect .- you can not duck and shoot ! 
and you need to shoot those spikey creatures on the ground 
and you can not .- the bosses are too easy . 
-the graphics are old . 
it works for the time . 
the passwords can be tedious , but they save everything .- very little story . 
once again , 1986 . 
see a common theme here ? 
but nobody complained there . 
same thing with super metroid . 
i got this used - like new and it works great . 
shipping is fast and on time . 
the music for this game is beautiful . 
great , awesome game!edit   
first   you can play the game in link 's pjs . 
this is a good space simulator . 
it is also a good macroscopic military strategy game . 
this is a great interactive game . 
almost everything can be hit and destroyed . 
the best part from the other gta games is the motorcycles . 
they are so life like that it feels like real life . 
there is a lot of blood . 
i hate people who say it is video games that make kids get violent 
but it is their choices not their video games . 
it is extremely easy to catch on b c 
what were they thinking ? 
there is no real point to the game . 
if all this is n't bad enough , they make it short . 
you can beat it in a two day time span . 
this is not worth       
it only slightly mentions red faction a couple of times . 
that was half the thrill of the other one . 
it will save you a heart attack wallet wise . 
so this being said try not to use the postal service . 
hope my game comes today . 
but for me , the best part is that it just looks so fantastic . 
my only gripe   
final fantasy 10 is a good game . 
there are only a couple of flaws . 
if i could give it 4 1 2 stars i would have 
but i ' m not going to rate it lower than it should be . 
first off there are too many fmv sequences . 
i remember when there was n't enough . 
second the story is just not quite good enough . 
those are the only downs . 
it has some replay value even if you do everything the first time around . 
this game is great it holds intrest and has decent replay value . 
plus it takes a long time to beat . 
the graphics are rich and vibrant and the level of complexity is awesome . 
now for the down sides .... the game crashes mind numbingly awesome . 
my machine screams with ever game 
the game just keeps going down . 
this is a game you can not miss . 
the extra games are classics . 
the other feaurtures are ok . 
do n't even rent it , just buy it!!!!!or else . 
this game takes after games like sim them park and rollercoaster tycoon . 
you can manage restaurants , shops , attractions , and dino health . 
it was praised and lauded by game reviewers and magazines worldwide . 
the rest of the single - player campaign features 15 gigantic levels . 
these are your obstacles on the way to completing your mission objectives . 
there are ten different primary weapons and ten secondary weapons . 
new multiplayer levels are always coming out and the action never grows old . 
descent 3 comes with many gameplay modes for multiplayer . 
but , should you come across it 
, i would strongly recommend a purchase . 
this is one of the finest pc games ever designed . 
just because players did n't acknowledge it back in 1999 
does n't mean you have to . 
a fantastic game , a fantastic community , and years of playability . 
who could ask for anything more ? 
one of those games i never heard about and took a chance . 
worth it . 
ship battles alone made it worth it . 
well done . 
lots of exploration . 
decent combat . 
no caves though . 
lots of island hopping . 
this game was a good surprise . 
the graphics are great but the x - box does has better graphics . 
but after playing it , i realized that i was wrong . 
but occasionaly i give it a spin for old times sake . 
i have had this game for years , and have just finally beat it . 
perfect dark rocks ! 
this is the best n64 game out there ! 
the gameplay , weapons , and battles are all good ! 
the music was good , especially when considering the time period of this game . 
some might this as a burden , but i enjoyed its difficulty . 
the turtles are uneven in their abilities . 
mikey is not much better than leo in terms of weapon power . 
raphael is good for his fast attacks despite his up - close range . 
you could beat this game on him 
you 're a fan of the old school 
it 's too hard ! 
well , i suggest you try harder . 
this game does n't spoonfeed you   
it 's a difficult adventure . 
the games plot is alright in some specks ... 
it came out.the game play was just off the hook . 
the game plays like doom but better . 
the enemy a.i was good too .... 
the guns just plain kick a   ... also the game is fairl long ... 
i enjoyed it .. 
the game is pretty old .. probably 5 years old now . 
i doubt you can find this game but if you can get it ! 
great gamesif you can find it go out and buy this awesome game!!gameplay 
5graphics 4 5 .. for its timelength 4 5 .. over all 
..... 4.5 out of 5later 
batman 's graphics are lovely , sound nice , story good . 
on the down side though , batman 's movements are stiff . 
he falls off of things to his death , often . 
i find that frustrating considering todays , new gaming technology . 
batman 's weapons are imaginative but slow to utilize . 
the batgrappler is sometimes difficult to target . 
i love the batmobile and batplane . 
they 're fast and exciting to play with . 
this is the very first gran turismo game made . 
it is very fun and allot easier than the others . 
the graphics r good for the ps1 
but i have seen better . 
that makes the track very hard to race on . 
it does get boring after awhile but it is a fun game . 
in short , frontline is a great game , in a great series . 
um ... map 
, i thinkthose are the ground controls . 
moving on ... 
in one word ...... 
somewhat grainy visuals   direct from the original game   and 
to begin with , this game is unlikely to sell many copies . 
it is a strange mix of childrens graphics with difficult gameplay . 
your fingers get tied up . 
this game lets publishers know that there is a market for highly original concepts . 
plus it is just fun to play . 
it is a keeper . 
everquest   shadows of luclin   
sol   is the 3rd expansion to be released for everquest . 
i m totally new to the metroid saga . 
i had never even heard of the name samus until this year . 
as i said i m a new to metroidstuff 
and i love it this game is so cool ! ... 
and it kept the errieness of the game . 
if you by the game and understand what it is about 
also the graphis are good too 
it is kind of like the snes 
but the graphics are better.well 
this is a must buy ! 
unfortunately , this is also the downside of the game as well . 
the new wavebird controller is a dream ! 
there is no wire for you to trip on and 
plus there is 16 frequencies so friends can play with wavebirds too . 
i might have five controllers now , but this thing was worth the investment . 
it reacts just like a regular controller , but there is one thing wrong . 
there is no rumble feature so it gives it more life . 
this is one game everyone should try . 
this game alone helped inspire the creation of the mario vs donkey kong series . 
it is great for mario fans and gamers alike . 
this game was so much fun ! ! 
compared to tony hawk 3 , this one is 100 times better . 
there 's more interaction in this version . 
this game provides hours of fun ! ! 
players who played gta3 to death will notice this 
but the story here is much deeper and more complex . 
from the beginning , you know that you are doing more than courier missions . 
but between missions , it 's your ball game . 
in total , you can carry up to 10 weapons at a time . 
sometimes , i just like to park and listened to music . 
the drawback there is that crashing it means enduring bodily damage . 
overall , anyone who liked gta3 will love gtavc . 
or did you even doubt it ? 
this game earned the five star rating that i gave it . 
the suv gets passed by a policewoman on a motorcycle . 
looking up , he sees a girl standing in the middle of the road . 
the intro is intermingled with other cut - scenes from the game . 
you hunt around silent hill looking for your daughter . 
these little demon kids   
they travel in pairs - one grabs you around the legs 
the controls were easy to learn , and pretty straight-forward.the music is tremendous . 
first , the graphics are n't that great . 
the fog 's there for a reason 
this is kind of annoying - 
you call yourself a gamer ? 
but you do n't own a nes ? 
sure you may have an emu but those suck compared to the real thing . 
but they are expansive . 
here are three reasons why.1 . 
almost all of the classic nintendo characters started here ! 
think about it . 
mario , link , samaus , megaman , and kirby started here . 
with this system you can pick up a real copy of super mario bros . 
this is just a myriad of reasons ... easy to use controller . 
do n't have room ? 
have a buddy sibling that you actually enjoy playing video games with ? 
there are many great two player video games . 
love rpg 's ? 
this system is the granddaddy of em all . 
this system is the best system for platformers . 
like to crack open and repair video game systems ? 
it incorporates custom sound hardware and a restricted dma controller on - die . 
a game cartridge may contain expanded ram to increase this amount . 
the ppu also contains 256 bytes of    
object attribute memory   8221   
4 the nes color palette is based on ntsc values rather than rgb values . 
3 for example use 8x16 mode . 
1 the background layer can be scrolled both horizontally and vertically . 
all run at 5.37 mhz and output rgb video at ntsc frequencies . 
this game is amazing ................ 
as a kid i loved this game but i never owned it . 
i bought it and it came quickly and worked flawlessly . 
the computer in this game is hopefully tougher to beat . 
this game looks like a good upgrade from 2002 for all you live fans . 
i went ahead and shelled out an extra twenty buck for an optical cable . 
playing halo 2 is incredible . 
i can hear subtle sounds 
the good   it was designed by ravensoft   who have a lot of i 
graphically , it 's gosh darn purty . 
the puzzle missions are , for the most part , well designed and more interesting 
that the standard key - find quests that are typical to the genre . 
and finally , the borg have that cool laser - eye thingie 
that 's just oh - so - cool .   
- the bad   well , it   is   voyager . 
the game length is a bit short   
all too often , the game resorts to simply swarming you with enemies . 
i 'd recommend it if   like me   
you 're feeling a bit starved for a decent fps . 
just do n't blow any significant amount of money on it . 
cel damage is one of the funnest games to grace xbox . 
the steup is fun and the characters are unique.but 
the game itself is n't one i 'd play too long . 
it 's not that hard to figure out . 
and i figured out more advanced stuff , like switches as i went along . 
the graphics are fine unless you just care about graphics more than anything . 
you 're really into designing your own game 
and you 're an amiture you will not get bored with this game . 
and you 'll eventually get used to it . 
kinda like a change disc thing they have on other rpgs 
so your gameplay is only limited to how many memory cards you have.if 
but it 's pretty hard unless you 're a talented artist . 
that 's what 
i ' m aiming for with my game legacy of kanon . 
it 's not nearly as hard as some reviewers make it out to be . 
sure you can not make shooter games like call of duty 
you will not be sorry . 
advancereally total worth it to get this game and play it for your self    
this is must have game to get 
first things first , with the capabilities of the gc 
cuz my right thumb is so busy with the c - stick moving mr . 
turok around .... 
it takes great skill to even be able to jump forward !   
the load times suck.but even with all this hell .... 
i still like to play the game .... 
it is , by far , the most challenging turok ever .... 
overall it gets 6 out of 10 .... 
i still love turok 2 as my all - time favorite turok game . 
i got this one first , since the first one was all out . 
i got home and put it in the playstation . 
first off there are 2 discs for 2 different characters , leon and claire . 
the puzzles are the only really drawback in this cool game . 
it took me days just to figure out one puzzle . 
but i got the hang of it.if 
in fact try all the resident evil games , i love them all ! ! 
you do n't really fly with those wings , but rather glide . 
there are some praiseworthy elements in this game , such as the visuals . 
try the rom for yourself first . 
no hard feelings toward anyone who does like this game . 
being a big sf fan 
if you have a ps2 then just get the alpha anthology . 
unreal had a successful , enjoyable formula . 
i was a bit dissapointed . 
this game is so well designed and so much fun to play . 
the only problem is that it 's so incredebly easy . 
really fun gameplay earns this game points . 
this game probably never went through quality control . 
cross - stitching is more fun than this stupid game ! 
this game wil provide you hours of fun ! 
in my opinion its better then the second one . 
its really chill . 
but the released product was actually quite good . 
too bad the   geo mod   technology was only a shallow gimmick . 
i ' m 
looking for a fantastic showcase of all that your xbox can do ? 
never has a game looked or played this well on any home system . 
the lifelike moves and near - real backgrounds   
one word ... excellent ! 
there are so many moves in this game its possible 
you may not see them all . 
doa3 is the first xbox game to offer the bonus of add - ons . 
an instant classic ! ! 
fear effect is a prime example of the survival horror genre . 
is it 's odd graphical style . 
it is just really weird . 
i kind of like it . 
after awhile , like most games , you stop noticing . 
even if you do n't like the graphics , it is still worth playing . 
for one thing , the fear meter is awesome . 
many people complain about it , but i think it works well . 
it is a fear meter , after all . 
by the way , the boss fights and enemies in the game are super.fear 
effect 's storyline is great . 
it is very well put together , and just plain cool . 
it is one of a very few games that has an original storyline . 
some of the stuff that happens is awesome . 
some of the places and events and situations induce shivers . 
the bleak future setting behind it all is nice , too . 
the three main characters , hana , glas , and deke are nifty . 
they are kind of original , too . 
the puzzles are also pretty tough , which is rare . 
fear effect is worth it for the experience . 
you ' ve got to play it to the end , despite its problems . 
pick fear effect up . 
you 'll probably like it . 
then on top of that it has each teams fight songs added to it . 
how they can fit all that on one disk is beyond me . 
i mean right now 
i ' m playing the cu buffs . 
now i have gone to about 7 or 8 games at folsom field before . 
so when the school song plays while i ' m watching them on tv 
i also just noticed that they play another popular band song also . 
it 's all very strange , yet so real.now on to the game play . 
on word fluid . 
you can tell that the have capitalized on the maddens game engine . 
speaking of playbooks , they have mirrored the playbooks to the teams . 
unlv , florida , fsu .... passing attack out of the shotgun .. 
like they do in real life . 
so they ai in my opinion 
is good if not great . 
the running plays are perfect . 
i ' m just trying to finish my season undefeated . 
so that right there makes this game worth it . 
potatos quot   of the game.if 
your a college fan .... run out and get this game . 
if your a fan of football ... sprint to your nearest gaming store ! 
you will never get tired of this game ! 
and i played it and became another statistic on the final fantasy fans list . 
i loved this game 
i was absorbed by it in no time . 
great graphics , and the story line is excellent . 
if your thinking about buyin this game , by all means do it . 
its great . has challenge - good plot 
, good characters voices , good graphics . 
excellent game . 
m sorry , 
but i do n't know what the hell most of you are talking about . 
this game rules ! ! ! 
m a huge spider man fan   
i ' m also almost 21 years old .. got a problem ?   
and this game just falt out makes me happy ! ! 
you can go anywhere in the friggin city . 
this is more of a spider - man simulator then anything . 
this had to be the polar opisite of the first game ! ! 
even before i had seen the movie i was deeply obsessed with that game . 
there 's nothing coller that racing inches above the ground and near sonic speeds . 
it was my favorite view on the first one for a couple of reasons . 
it 's hard to see the upcoming turns and the guys in your way . 
2 . without the pods it really increases the illusion of speed . 
it just sucked you in and made you feel like you were hauling ... 
other than these two minor complaints , this is an excellent game . 
the visuals are very impressive , especially the characters and pods . 
is the art gallery . 
in the credits there are voice acting credits for darth maul and vader voices . 
star wars fans or fans of high speed racing should not miss out . 
beach spikers is fun . 
they 're a real disappointment . 
it would be really easy for one skilled player to dominate the court . 
definitely worth renting or picking up used . 
this game comes with two disks . 
and you can play against your buddy in the game . 
something like james bond . 
unlike the n64 , you need a memory card for all of the games . 
a floppy disk has about 1.5 mb for comparison . 
however , there are some other options . 
you can store 8 whole entire mario 64 cartriges on one stick ! ! ! 
it 's a lot like turok 2 and half - life . 
i think it actually had more dinosaurs than turok 2 , though ! 
the storyline is derivative and that makes me tune out and care less . 
level design is bland technocrap , though sometimes perfectly epic - looking . 
you can not use your own music ingame , either . 
i wish there was one weapon w   infinite bullets . 
ultimately , it 's just so overrated .   ... 
another plus to this game is the realistic violence . 
get this game . 
you will not be dissapointed . 
that s all the game 's empahsis is on , building levels   
your classic gaming experience is less stressfull and alot more enjoyable ! ! ! 
i recently borrowed this game from a friend . 
i thought   quot 
how on earth can i use both at the same time ! ! ! 
this ones for star wars fans and fps lovers only . 
despite some cool battles in 3rd person it just was n't that fun . 
i admit ... when i first heard about ff8 i was skeptical . 
i thought   quot how could square match ff7 ? 
quot   doubtless 
i still wanted the game 
so i placed my reserve on the game about 1 month in advance . 
and i got it . 
i popped it in and instantly was blown away . 
i mean you see the detail that square includes in just the opening sequence 
and you are amazed . 
so i played for a while and put it away till christmas .   
i got through the first disc that day 
and then i sat around for hours just playing triple triad . 
once you start though it just takes up tons of time 
i loved getting all the gf cards and the main character cards and such . 
you have to draw magic from animals in the world around you . 
it 's that it just makes you wonder where they got the magic from ? 
the best part about this game though is the amazing storyline . 
you will not be sorry . 
this is a cool game one of a kind for the nes . 
-sigh- such a game 
such a game . 
basically the plot is this . 
you samus aran   is it a girl or boy ? 
you ll just have to find out hahahahahahaha   
well i m guessing all you party poopers all ready know 
ca nt really or should nt have teh body of samus . 
unless there like richard simons or somthing but even that s weird for him . 
well acticually you do nt even really see a pirate for a while . 
curse them   
and face the metroids and then shreik the goey ewwy mother brain ! ! 
then you escape and fly away 
and oh if you get a good time woah 
ho you get to see what s really behind the mask .... 
jim carry   
that was stupid 
amazing and challenging puzzles , with fun boss battles . 
the legend of zelda offers loads of but kicking action . 
but that does n't take away the cult quality of this game . 
the graphics are great for its time . 
video game for an older system . 
it is a god game . 
fun to play . 
i am an expert gamer . 
i am good in all games . 
but holy   poo , i played this game on easy 
and i am right now stuck on the 2nd level . 
this game is ridiculously hard . 
the only reason i gave it a 3 was because of its great multiplayer . 
the multi player kicks   booty . 
but the single player is so damn hard . 
i would say bye this if you like to play internet matches . 
if not , then go ahead and buy it for the single player . 
do nt say i did nt warn you . 
it is very very hard ! ! ! 
i have come back to play close combat   invasion 
cc5   after reading a few books about d - day and operation overlord . 
the european theater of operations by gordon harrison . 
i really enjoyed taking command of the units involved in operation overlord . 
there were other mods out there based on great fan community efforts as well . 
look up close combat mods or closecombatseries on google to find them . 
the series has also been picked up by matrix games . 
they have done remakes of several of the close combat games . 
i have not played these so i can not comment on their quality.if 
there is no building of units and bases or researching technologies . 
this is a combat simulator . 
you give the troops orders , but they also react to their environment . 
they take evasive action if fired upon . 
each soldier is individual . 
the graphics are 2d top down view and are not spectacular by modern standards . 
line of sight and elevations of terrain and buildings are all taken into account . 
cover works well 
and it is defined to each individual soldier , not by unit . 
the american campaign is a little harder than playing as the germans . 
i remember running it on a desktop with no problems 8   years ago . 
i did notice the graphics are a little glitchy on the laptop 
i do n't recall ever having any crashes though . 
however , some love it and many hated it 
and there 's still people who outright despite this game . 
squall and rinoa , 
no voice acting   till x   
but again we have another great soundtrack by nobuo uematsu . 
but it 's got a bit more thematic similarities from track to track 
so it 's more consistent.gameplay   
each game has had different ways on how characters played the game . 
viii 's different in that for one thing we do n't have mp anymore . 
might not be everyone 's favorite final fantasy but for me it is . 
i had never played a castlevania game before , but i was pleasantly suprised . 
the short version   pokemon   
take - off .the detailed version 
when i saw an ad for jc2 , i was aglow with delight . 
in jc2 , divine beast breading is more like an industry . 
some elements of the original carry over , which is neat . 
the portrayal of levant a thousand years after mahbu died is very interresting . 
ra , mu , and kikinak are also back . 
i also have to ashamedly admit , i like the sassy fairy . 
the first game delt with issues like   why does man suffer ?   
and the fall from grace of both man and spirits . 
then , it 's as if the writers thought ,   oh , no 
! too much thought ! 
we 'll loose the interest of sponge - brained american children ! 
new scene ! 
new scene ! 
for light entertainment , this game is ok . 
if you think pokemon is cool , you 'll probably like this game . 
for one thing , it does not has a fasinating storyline as ac3 had . 
risk 2 is definitely worth the bargain price . 
the many different gameplay options allow for different challenges for one or more players . 
this game allows for intense gameplay while quality time with family or friends . 
you also have to watch out for   quot surge attacks 
i played it for 6 hours straight until i beat it . 
everything about this game is so awesome . 
the only thing that sucks about it is that it is way to short . 
my favorite pc game of all time is half - life . 
since then , i have been waiting for hl2 which is inevitable.enter undying . 
the environments i have seen so far are fluid and believable . 
the special effects and lighting are amazing.sound   even better than the graphics ! 
you liked half - life 
this is the perfect game . 
if you like clive barker 's horror style - this is the perfect game . 
if you do n't like being scared - buy something else . 
not only is the multiplayer amazing but the single player is too . 
and there are a lot of characters . 
best beat - em - up game 
if it was realistic i would n't want to play it . 
the game really is n't that bad , only complaint is it 's difficulty . 
and another thing is that you start off with the dash move . 
now those are the only flaws of the game . 
finding these is actually one of the things that they make challenging . 
they have seperate enemies and different items . 
map completing has become one of the things i like about recent castlevanias . 
aria of sorrow stands as the best gameboy game of the series . 
i really enjoyed this games storyline , fmv sequences , and gameplay . 
but this game had problems too . 
i 'd give it a 3.5 but the do n't have that 
so i rounded it to 4 . 
but it 's a good game non - the less . 
my name is q -- 
trekkers will not be disappointed . 
the only problem is that this can not be . 
mary died three years ago . 
a word of caution before you play , though . 
if you do scare easily , this might not be the game for you . 
you will not be disappointed.tbs-msl 
it is a turn based rpg , that is fun to play . 
i own this game for the psp and the now the ps1 . 
this game is a rare find in good condition . 
ff9 has revived the concept of fantasy . 
no more of that futuristic world   ff8 . 
the story is the greatest i ' ve ever played . 
it 's excellent . 
it 's that good . 
the game starts out interesting and finishes that way . 
the graphics are the best . 
the fmv is better than ff8 ! 
the characters are some what deformred .... on purpose . 
this game is showing things from the past . 
you 'll be reminded of things from the earlier games . 
after a few uses , they just last 1 sec 
and then they just tell you how much damage it did . 
also , not everyone can use magic . 
once again , the story is great ! 
it has comedy , romance , everything ! 
picking up where the first left off once again we join the fight . 
i have n't gotten very far in this game 
surround you and a nice plot line is unfolding . 
definately worth the bargain price . 
but this is no takeoff of any james bond movie . 
encouraging stealth and perfection . 
hence , the game 's primary challenge . 
you 'll maybe live 10 or 15 seconds after the first shot . 
stealth is the key . 
every mission can be beaten without you ever getting shot , or spotted   
in most games they just come right to you . 
people turn their heads to look at you if you walk by . 
the thing is , they react ! 
they are not just mindless , close - knitted colored pixels on the screen . 
in fact , the ai is too good . 
amazing how many miles per hour your heart can accelerate in a matter of seconds 
the only drawback is that there is no in - game save . 
it saves automatically after you complete each mission . 
hitman 3 is out this spring . 
do n't neglect this series . 
buy it now . 
hitman 1 is available for pc only . 
i was nt a gamer then , but this game turned me into one . 
final fantasy 7 must be the best game i have ever played . 
i am still amazed today with the battle effects and cut scenes . 
simply exceptional . 
the gameplay , well , to say in short , is wonderful . 
the fmv sequences are amazing , and can not be beaten . 
also , the music is amazing . 
when aeris died , the situation and music almost made me cry . 
it is a beautiful beautiful game with grass trees water all looking fantastic . 
i wish the trees were a bit better 
oh well . 
all in all i do n't need to say any more . 
if you like golf games even a little get this one ! 
magnum revolver with infinate amo 
,   infinate amo all guns   bonuses with   
i hope capcom will use this partner system again . 
this game is designed for online play . 
this is definatly 1 of the best games for the n64 
lamancha , the temple in year four . 
jokes are fast and furious and always hit the mark .   
grim fandango   features the best writing i have ever seen in a game . 
load times were not terrible considering rendering requirements . 
so it 's ok . 
freedom fighters is a surprise hit of the fall . 
you play as a character named christopher stone . 
he is a normal new yorker making a living as a plumber . 
ff combines a lot of good ideas in one game . 
fear not though , because you will have help . 
the multiplayer for ff is pretty good 
but it is n't the best . 
the graphics for ff are very good , especially the environment . 
freedom fighters does have a small number of flaws though . 
three , the game can get fairly hard and occasionally will get you frustrated . 
its got ok graphics . 
i never played the original tropico 
so i could n't tell you the differences . 
i played the game for about 5 hours . 
you would never see these raids . 
if you build too fast you would run out of captives . 
very annoying . 
the whole fear thing on the captives does n't mean anything . 
i never lost one captive . 
you could buy it or not its up to you ! 
bad music , awful handeling , ect . 
devin lied . 
car.gta3 awesome control.td horrid control.gta3 get 
do n't . 
i miss the playstation already . 
this was worth a star . 
characters move the way you expect and handle well . 
you may not know this but the n64 was 64 bitand 
your first strike wins the crowd , your final strike wins the battle ! 
fight warriors in winner take - all competitions , on stage across japan . 
pummel opponents and strike dramatic poses to gain the crowd 's favor . 
i urge you to rent this game before you buy . 
the gameplay is slow and the background is very distracting and irritating . 
i rather have the tetris dx version for the color gameboy . 
not recommended . 
sorry ! ! ! 
do you enjoy watching movies ? 
i am a huge adventure gaming fan . 
played king 's quest and police quest when i was a kid . 
this has a great plot . 
the most important thing is , that it keeps you involved all the time . 
there are n't too many dull moments . 
someone earlier commented , on how there are 30 minute conversations . 
that 's nonsense . 
first of all , that 's not true . 
anyway conversations in movies are longer ! 
anyway this game is a must have for everyone , you must play it ! 
enjoy this book movie game adventure ... 
all into one.sierra has lost faith in the genre , it started . 
young companies like this , show sierra why it must return to the quest . 
the adventure gaming may be back . 
this game may go down in history as the catalyst . 
banjo kazooie , donkey kong 64 , and jet force gemini did it . 
you get a pretty decent story that will carry the game along . 
most important you get large semi - open levels that you can explore . 
however , you do n't really go through    34 levels   
34   because the whole game is one big level with small loading screens . 
like you would if you selected levels . 
you can not jump over these walls and explore what 's outside of the area 
so i 'd call it semi - open world . 
it has a similar world structure that dragon age origins has strangely . 
so it does feel a little confined . 
aside from the world , the gameplay is fair . 
it 's better on dreamcast and pc because the controls are more fluid . 
so navigating through levels can be irritating . 
that 's what the enemies look like sort - of . 
it is a nice , sleek square design . 
it is nt heavy heavy 
but it is heavy . 
nintendo 64 is still my fav 
but i love this one as well . 
do n't waist your time with ps 's and xboxes.and the xbox 360 .. 
not what video game systems are supposed to be ! ! ! 
unfortunetely , i think that will be the same with the nintendo revolution . 
this game is great . 
cut scenes are easily skipped which is the way it should be . 
can be picked up . 
the environment also contains powerups for health and special . 
each monster gets 2 different extra - powerful attacks . 
are easy , medium , and hard settings . 
but they are new monsters instead of just harder versions of the 8 characters . 
first , it can get frustrating . 
second , the game suffers from camera problems . 
but you never see it coming - 
i love batman . 
ever since i watched the blue bat tv series when i was a child . 
i saw the first batman movie and i thought it was the greatest movie . 
i still love to watch it . 
i bought batman vengence and it was good , but lacking in areas . 
i hope this is the game i ' m looking for . 
by the way the rest of the bm movies are no good . 
if you catch my drift . 
and i think you do . 
do n't you ? 
but it shares the essential five things included in all lok games 1 .   
amazing scenery.2 .   
plentiful gore.3 .   
superb voice acting.4 .   
intriguing storyline.5 .   
this one 's got plenty of body - slammin wwf action . 
much like the ps1 , smackdown 's roster is starting to age a bit . 
voiceovers would certainly pick the game up . 
jedi outcast is so cool ! 
you play as kyle katarn again except now you have given up the force . 
on a mission to a detention mining camp something   
at times the graphics can seem a bit blocky and not very fluid . 
other than that this game is all gold . 
as many other people have said , the death animations are awesome . 
i like how now the force jump is holding down the jump key . 
it makes it easier . 
force saber throw is now just the secondary fire for the lightsaber .... 
the multiplayer experience is awesome , just like in jedi knight . 
one thing i ' m afraid of though is hackers . 
anything can happen in an nd game - 
with that in mind , this game was very suspenseful ! 
best game ever . 
and i play thius game whenever i gett a chance . 
if u want it , get it . 
you will not regret it 
element limitations were included ? 
there 's also deck limitations ? 
you can also only lay one trap card at a time ? 
eds allows you to lay as many trap magic cards as you want . 
you 're deck 
you 'll be thankful you did . 
so what it now comes down to are features and gameplay . 
this was the first of the smackdown games . 
do n't pick this one up now . 
it already seems dated and pointless now . 
simply put , mega man legends was a great game . 
a few interesting games were still waiting to be released for the original playstation . 
such as a sequel to mega man legends.and impressive it is ! 
the real thing being mega man legends 2.when 
snow is falling , and the town is quiet and beautiful . 
a perfect winter snowfall . 
you will notice that the graphics are really something phenomenal . 
in the previous game the scenery never looked this good . 
the complete opposite in mega man legends 2 . 
it never got any better , in my opinion . 
, the music is pretty amazing , too . 
now the music is more suitable for the environment you 're in . 
you will explore jungle , snow , ice , underwater and fire worlds . 
where was all this creativity in the original legends ? 
it was n't there ! 
it 's more fun than it sounds , believe me . 
good luck blowing through the stages the same way in this game . 
much more enemy variety in mega man legends 2 . 
this was sorely needed in the original . 
can not forget about those pesky yellow pirates , either ! 
they 're back and more annoyingly fun than ever!just 
that 's not to say the game is dominated with storyline segments . 
always buy upgrades at the junk shops whenever you can . 
she 'll help you in every way imaginable . 
i myself , am a very hard core rpg player . 
i actually played through it twice . 
anyone who has played the re series will certainly feel some deja vu . 
the graphics are beautiful but are still the same static shots . 
still , i enjoyed myself better than shooting zombies . 
there are a few puzzles in the game , but nothing too hard . 
i am a big buffy fan . 
i bought this game to play on my 360 . 
i can not recall if i had to download a patch or not . 
but i think it simply played without a patch . 
i then regrettably sold it . 
but two months ago i bought it again . 
yes , it is that good of a game ! 
i wanted to play it on the normal difficulty level . 
what is not to like about this game ? 
i believe the voice actors are the actual stars of the show . 
the personalities are captured perfectly . 
a lot of basic puzzles make this game appealing on numerous levels . 
also it is not just a button mashing game . 
strategy is necessary in deciding what techniques to use with what enemies . 
the graphics are surprisingly good for an early x - box game . 
the normal difficulty level is just a little bit too difficult . 
if you are a buffy fan you will not be disappointed . 
they watch watch you , imitate you , and learn from you . 
to me , the pace of creature learning is just too slow . 
that 's all there is to it . 
one quest with some stolen cattle 
no true gamer alive would hate this series . 
very good for their time in my opinion . 
practically every classic aspect about castlevania is here ! 
since it 's an old nes cart , what 's that phrase again ? 
very difficult and to this day , i have not beaten it . 
even with the sequels , this is still one of my favorites . 
i ' m noticing a pattern here , after my mega man review ...   
m a big castlevania fan 
long live konami and may they bring us more adventures and vampire murdering ! 
megaman 3 .... whoa man .... 
you ' ve played megaman 1 . 
you have also bashed your way through the sequel . 
unfortunately , the game is really hard . 
the   quot 64 quot   versions totally suck compared to it . 
if you have n't played it , buy it . 
runners up for best games of my life   
secret   not legend   of mana , chrono trigger   
not cross , time crisis   distant 4th , but still excellente 
he then announces he has been controlling dr . 
wily from the day he turned evil ! 
why would mr . 
x be doing this ? 
if you have n't been able to guess he is dr . 
wily , something 's wrong . 
three fake bad guy plots in a row ! give me a break ! 
what the plot lacks the game makes up for . 
if you can find proto man he 'll give you a special item too ! 
there are fake and real robot masters in half the stages . 
defeat the four real ones and you get another great item ! 
an nes game has never had music as good as this one . 
made a group of centorians who group atked . 
can customize your own fighting force . 
dead gladiators do n't come back , fully customize their gear . 
i love it . 
i love this game ... 
it is ... explainable . 
quot   moments that resident evil plays on 
, silent hill 's spookiness grows on you with it 's creepy environments . 
the shocking part comes when you start enountering things that try to kill you . 
on.there 's also no corny voice acting   
which resident evil is also famous for   to get in the way . 
dark cloud has great graphics , sound , and overall gameplay . 
you get magic to fix weapons but early in the game 
wow seems complicated ... 
i went to my friends house to see what this game was all about . 
he got board of it too , cuz he had sol as well . 
so not much canged here.sound 
this will not even be as nearly praised as mgs2 . 
this is baisicly a port of mgs2 . 
than buy this if i were u. 
if u have only a xbox , then u jes might get this game . 
so far only one game   nba street   has gotten a 5 .... 
another great thing about this game is the numerous amount of teams ... 
sports fans should buy this game and non sports fans should rent it first .... 
great game , but in the end rather disappointing for several reasons 
i invite everyone for hot chocolate at my place . 
be there at 11.00    
ofcourse they did n't come to visit me.- writing letters is frustrating 
, they do not understand the simplest words you write . 
penny , i think you are great.here 's a little present 
i got a letter back   hey ! 
seriously , do n't send me weird letters , ok?i mean , 
what in the world were you talking 
about?and what 's with all those big words professor?you lost me!good - bye ! 
they never understand a word ... 
and she responded with   
i ' m not making this up ! 
vacation brings life back into the sims in a huge way ! ! ! 
i absolutely love taking the family   out of town   for the weekend . 
for this reason alone , i gave the game four satrs instead of five . 
i highly recommend this expansion to anyone who likes the sims . 
the best n64 game . 
the bosses are creative and original , and the dungeons are fun and easy . 
this game is very addicting . 
i played this through before i checked out the mulitplayer option on battle.net . 
that was a whole new experience . 
its fantastic ! 
then i bought the expansion pack and realized how well my money was spent . 
they certainly stuffed the expansion with goodies . 
blizzard never lets you down . 
this game is still a very good game 
but i suggest the playstation version . 
this is sort of a action horror rpg game . 
it has very complex puzzles and it really works your mind . 
i played it at 10 15 at night , of course 
so i was prone to be scared . 
would n't you be scared . 
luckly i defeated him with the shotgun . 
i heard this noise and i said ,   quot 
oh my god 
i am going to die . 
quot seriously , that was a pretty scary moment . 
anyway , the graphics are exceptional for the n64 but playstation are better . 
there are two people you can pick and two difficulty settings . 
pretty nifty . 
kids under 10 , i suggest low . 
high is pretty bad when you die . 
medium is average.worth your money 
but i suggest getting the playstation version of it . 
the movies are , of course , the best . 
, i incredibly suggest that you go buy it immediately . 
this is great . 
i really love this set ! 
definately worth the 30 dollars . 
anyway , do pick this title up ! 
you will not be dissapointed ! 
i love this game . 
the graphics are the best i have ever seen . 
it 's a very fun game to play with your friends too . 
it 's just like a vacation at home . 
plus it has customizable soundtracks which is very usefull ! 
there are very experiences in this world that are completely original . 
i could n't disagree more . 
brings back a lot of good memories . 
i bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun . 
get this before it 's too late . 
it will be gone before you know it . 
that was hours of amusment for me . 
then download the extra levels on xbox live . 
have fun and do n't let these sellers take advantage of you . 
they should n't be overcharging in this economy 
this game was awesome ! 
it was my favorite game ever ! 
but , that is my style . 
this game is unlike any other game i have ever seen before . 
see , in this game there is no game over . 
it is rather a peaceful game were you get up . 
do a little fishing . 
talk to your neighbors maybe help them out a little . 
participate in events decorate your house and so much much more . 
do n't give up after the first two weeks . 
maybe a month would do it . 
but i had fun the entire time 
colourful graphics . 
120 shines to collect . 
yoshi is back in actioncons . 
to similar to the awful super mario 64 . 
the camaras kills the fun in the   quot puzzle quot   levels . 
it takes 4ever to unlock yoshi 
the game is fully interactive , so you can so just about anything . 
there is such a wide variety of things to do and cars to steal . 
plus the missions are cool and challenging . 
awesome game . 
other reviewers report bugs . 
visual glitches ? have n't seen any . 
i have a p266 with 128 mb ram and a voodoo3 . 
i may have to break down   finally   and upgrade . 
i think the system requirements amazon listed are incorrect . 
.visually , this game is chock full of eye candy . 
lots of color and lighting effects 
i spent the first part of the game jumping around on all these places 
i thought i could fit in . 
eventually i realized the game plays like your basic linear fps . 
the only difference ? 
there just is n't much to do . 
quake or unreal players wanting fast action are going to be disappointed . 
perhaps that 's a good thing?if 
you want the eye candy , get this game . 
if you 're more into gameplay , check out no one lives forever . 
hope my review helped ! 
i have never played the previous bond games . 
however , i know that as a game it is an   imitation . 
for nintendo , following up the massive success to nintendo 64 was absolutely unbelieveable . 
so nintendo tells people to get the system for itself . 
the gaming from this system is very revolutionary . 
it truly makes it a lot easier to store and have around . 
this game is the best ever ! ! ! 
buy it or your dumb ! ! ! 
i hade a blast with it . 
now!!!!!!!!buy it ! ! ! ! 
this   quot pack quot   is one that i never really got into . 
it just allows you to go on dates and go shopping downtown . 
i found this pack really boering . 
castlevania became real fun as i thrashed things to pieces with my lethal gatling 
not so much slo - mo as stop - mo . 
flight simulator 2002 is the best thing to being real . 
there are real time graphics . 
long load times . 
but this does't take the fun out of the game . 
but it costs an arm and a leg to buy it 
, i think it is worth it . 
you chose to be mario , luigi , toad or princess . 
unlike the other mario games the enemies are n't koopa 's 
you play as mario and luigi in a really cool game . 
the game is a lot better in a few ways . 
you also open up treasure chests a few times every level to get the stuff 
i mean c ' mon ! 
i never even watched the movie , and 
yet i ' m loving this 
game.that is what defines batman returns on the nes . 
konami 's straightforward licensed beat 'em up . 
i should probably check out the more common super nintendo version . 
luigi 's mansion is about how luigi looks for mario in a manchine . 
he meets a guy in the mansion who sucks ghosts up into this device . 
yet this game is like many others . 
it 's easy to learn hard to master . 
the original crash game was very hard to beat . 
it was still classic . 
then crash 2 came out , with several hard levels and tough bosses . 
then out came this one , crash warped . 
this is the cult classic of the series . 
there are two secret levels . 
they are eggipus rex and hot coco . 
then , board the yellow gem platform . 
was this review helpful ? 
of course it was ! 
this game is one of the favorites of many fans thanks to the storyline . 
the battle system is similar to other entries in the system . 
i guess   were two things   
the dragon power . 
other than those two annoyances , the game is pretty fun . 
all i can say is do n't give up . 
the story really is worth playing through to the end . 
have fun , and good luck . 
this game in one word ... ! 
get the madden 2001 and do n't even bother with this game . 
i got it and played it once and had to take it out . 
terrible graphics and shotty game play . 
bottom line , do n't even buy it ! 
ok , disney and final fantasy is unstoppable when they combine . 
what more do you want out of a game ? 
lolthis game can not get any better and i mean it . 
this game as is good as it gets ! 
this is the funnest game i have ever played . 
one of the first games out for the ps2 is still a classic . 
buy them both ! ! 
this game is really fun . 
great weapons and magic spells . 
the only complaint i have about this game is the camera angle . 
it is the most confusing to get used to . 
it would n't be so bad 
but you constantly need to view all around you . 
holding the left trigger , aiming , while running helps . 
for the price , this game is worth playing or renting . 
spend 30-million on a game and this is what you get . 
i 'd rather play sonics adventure . 
the idea of this game is to go around and collect funk records . 
yup , that 's about it . 
everything was in good shape when it arrived . 
it arrived in a timely manner . 
it completed my set of star wars games for the ps2 . 
it went well with my set . 
mgs is the best action game ever made . 
now that it 's been re - released as a platinum hit 
it made no sense to hold off buying it.the game is absolutely huge . 
the level of detail is staggering . 
some locations are never even used in the main quest ! 
the choices are yours and the choices are often numerous!i absolutely love this game ! 
the variety in the graphics , landscapes are breathtaking . 
the weapons and magic system is deep . 
and you can even enchant your items ! 
this game has it all . 
and those stability issues that others complain about ? do n't beleive them . 
bah another spyro game . 
oh excuse me 
i almost dozed off at the thought of another spyro game for the ps . 
the graphics if you asked me are about the same quality as final fantasy 
this is a must buy game 
i rented it for a week and never got near to completing it ! 
it has excellent re - play   in my opinion   
the graphics are so amazing   
i know i said it a million times but still ..   
you look at my other reviews you will see i am not easily impressed ... 
but this game is the tops . 
the objectives are extremely hard , and the gameplay just not that enthralling . 
my copy   collecting dust right next to shrek 
great game for a through back . 
they would lose their heads if they were n't attached . 
well controllers walk , and this one worked like new . 
peace is restored ! 
just because the frame rates are low , graphic details look extremely blurry 
playstation 2 is a lot of fun . 
the graphics are pretty realistic and the games are a lot of fun . 
dial - up users can just plug right into a phone jack and play . 
ps2 games are available pretty much anywhere   
it 's very small   
the picture makes it look big . 
one reason is the eyetoy . 
its exclusive to the ps2 . 
its like a web cam you put on top of your tv . 
you use your body to play the game .   
a lot more games are available . 
these games are a lot of fun and make a great game for parties . 
one last accessory is a gun controller . 
.this is why you should buy a ps2 . 
ps2 is definitely worth the   149.99 and is my favorite system . 
wwe smackdown   shut your mouth truly deserves 5 stars . 
there are by far more pros than cons . 
on a side note , yes i have played this game . 
well anyway , the first noticable thing about the game is the updated roster . 
you suck   when kurt angle comes out . 
the season mode is very in - depth . 
some parts of levels were even recreated . 
there are three slots for saved games . 
finally as an added surprise it comes with a classic version of mario bros ! 
no castlevainia game made since can touch this game . 
unless it is a wwf game , i usually do not play wrestling games . 
i find most wrestling games to be dulled down versions of fighting . 
you can pick from 16 different organizations , including a free agent pool . 
you are allocated 260 points , which seems more than enough at first glance . 
everything you enhance on your wrestler takes points . 
you can customize everything from their recovery time to what attacks are their strongest . 
you can even customize their ai fighting style . 
fpw reverts to the old tag team wrestling   nes   style of play . 
pressing directions at certain times and tapping a button will determine your moves . 
fpw lacks the ability to run straight . 
you play the   hero , fight against aliens and save humanity earth whatever . 
i use the term lightly as halo has no   real   levels . 
i ' ve read a lot of reviews saying that the graphics are awesome 
also the human and alien voices are fun to hear . 
humans have a sniper rifle so lets give aliens a sniper rifle . 
so aliens need a rocket launcher . 
grenades were the most and saddest thing they changed in the game . 
that s always fun . 
the addition of   team chat   only would ' ve been really nice . 
also the hacking and modded xbox 's that you would play sucked too 
and i realized the levels were closer to me than in the first one . 
this game is a lot of fun . 
it 's fun to level up your character and smash opponents to pieces . 
this was my first wwii fps 
and i absolutely loved it . 
where do i start ? 
i loved the large assortment of weapons available and the realistic sound effects . 
but to this i would also say , try the multiplayer . 
it is very addictive . 
i did like the new weapons they were a great addition . 
my goodness ... 
all these five star reviews really awe me ... 
those flaws were strongly outweighed with the many upsides of that title . 
i was very disappointed . 
if you own the dreamcast i 'd recommend getting the original before this one . 
that part of the game alone gives it 5 stars . 
awesome roster too . 
it 's harder than it sounds . 
some of the stunt courses took me a loooooong time to complete . 
it 's a total bargain , too . 
how can you go wrong ? 
the first one was street fighter 
no one has forgotten how great the game was , even today . 
the graphics look pretty much the same , but cleaner . 
the animations to each character look extremely vibrant and colorful . 
the audio is improved and tweaked . 
and the sounds of hitting still have n't changed one bit . 
there 's even an option or code where you can increase the speed . 
who knows ? 
but all in all , a true street fighter classic ! 
this game should definently not be passed up ! 
browsing through the mix of reviews here for this game piqued my interest . 
the production values are amazing . 
this is probably the only time fans will ever see these characters in 3-d . 
there is also the poor implementation of stealth . 
seems the good games are always that way . 
i hope i d puts out more like it . 
this made the game a rerun right out of the gate for me . 
first , it is hard to play . 
those germans are nasty ! 
second , the missions offer variety and are innovative . 
you switch from working with a team to following a spy to , well ... 
i do n't want to give it all away . 
this game offers sooo much . 
it 's probably the most valued game to ever be released . 
there are endless upgrades and cars in this game . 
and yep , they changed the whole industry 
is that you can play it within an hour to a satisfactory level . 
the balancing is extraordinary . 
quick access to everything for 6 characters at a time 
it never gets old . 
but baldur 's gate is still the most authentic and playable rpg experience . 
this thing is amazing . 
the fact that works with the wii makes it that much better . 
resident evil is an amazing game . 
it looks so realistic and is extremely fun . 
this gc version is way different than the ps version . 
it has new zombies new weapons and new rooms . 
the zombies look amazing . 
the games graphics are just to notch . 
this a must for your game library . 
i like this game , but alpha was definitly better . 
basically , this game is alpha centauri with different names and pictures . 
as a side note , both games have a heavy learning curve . 
so far i love it . 
i can not see how one could find a better value for the money . 
your mission is to get him out safe and take the embassy back . 
that 's the first mission and so goes most of the missions . 
see this is realistic special opts type stuff . 
you 're not shooting at cyborgs or weird looking aliens . 
these tangos are guys you can really learn to dislike in a hurry . 
what makes r6 different is that you work as a team . 
you get to do an entire mission plan . 
what they do is also an option . 
of course you need to be careful not to harm any hostages . 
that 's fine 
but frankly it is not that hard . 
what makes the game a challenge is that one shot will kill you . 
and it 's not . 
if it does n't work just replay it and keep trying.any drawbacks ? 
since the strategy guide is included there should be no problem . 
why that 's a problem with some i do n't know . 
in one mission the leader tries to escape in a jeep 
so you better get him right away . 
a couple of missions you do n't kill anybody at all . 
it was n't untill 
i got the strategy guide that i began to try and tackle this beast . 
but this one , fits that cake . 
extremely well done and thought out , but too confusing.here 's one annoying example . 
oh helpful . 
so how are you supposed to find the death relm ? 
it does n't give you any clues . 
you would n't even guess that there is a dealth relm.it was fun 
this may seem like 
was atlus ? 
now sammy ? 
now it 's someone else i believe right ? 
mine changed automatically the monitor is only a couple of years old . 
i 'll be testing some of my other games 
later.but these cables are easily worth the money spent . 
i was amazed at the level of attention and polish given to this title . 
the graphics and system compatibility with both high end and old school 
pc 's is simply great . 
i ' ve only had it for a few weeks 
, so this says a lot to me . 
put it this way   
you should wait for the x - box ? 
quot   microsoft does n't know rule one about video games . 
i know what you 're thinking    quot neither did sony . 
well , that may be , but they know now 
so here 's the skinny   the ps2 can play all ps1 games . 
you also have exclusives with developers like squaresoft . 
want final fantasy ? 
turn here , true believers . 
what does the x - box have ? 
bill gates ... need i go on ? 
forget the hype , forget the critics . 
take a look at the facts . 
this is the video gaming machine of the future . 
and for those of you screaming   quot dreamcast quot . 
this was a good game . 
and it picks up . 
i have to hand it to yu suzuki and sega . 
wow , i can not believe this game was that inventive quot .i 
the quality and attention to graphic detail is stunning . 
if you 're in for a quick , visceral fix you 'll be disappointed . 
play and play . 
if you enjoy golf video games , this is a must have . 
it is especially effective for chipping . 
there are enough different phrases that they do n't repeat too often . 
you can think of scenarios like mini - games for golf . 
you can improve power , approach , putting , spin , and others . 
he dreams of becoming an adventurer just like his dad . 
justin has a childhood friend and cousin named sue . 
as you start your adventures you will meet tons of funny and interesting people . 
that is when this game starts to shine and keeps shining . 
then that leads to new spells and attacks . 
my advice is to use the compass if you get lost .   
you will get lost at some point   
this game has 50   hours of game play.overall - 9 10   
this game was a joy to play . 
it has it 's ups and downs , 
you want a great game 
this is one of the best rpg 's for the playstation.p.s . 
this game is fantastic to say the least . 
i would describe it as chess , but much , much better . 
i had two friends who also played and beat this game multiple times   
go with knights , monks and ninjas . 
distance finesse gamer ? 
go with archers , summoners and wizards . 
feeling eclectic ? 
dancers , bards and mimes , then . 
i have is that the learning curve is rather steep . 
this is a game that rewards patience and strategy . 
go play duke nukem if you wanna blow up stuff . 
two thumbs way up . 
i purchased this game solely on its amazing tv commercial . 
i never quite enjoyed resident evil , but this is more than mere clone . 
for instance it incorporated real facts . 
i ' ve been playing rpg extensively , so this battle system came natural . 
at first , the game seems like all other online games . 
different weapons , different stands , different strategies . 
in fact , you do not have to kill anything at all . 
crafting and mining resources is quite interesting . 
even things like entertainers . 
wanna visit jabba 's palace ? 
the sight was 
in fact , i hardly left my town ... 
at the end of the day , this is still a mmorpg . 
loved it ! ! ! 
one of the best games in this genre . 
high production values . 
the game play is top notch . 
i will not sugar - coat your expectations here   
this game is bad . 
it 's so bad , 
the standard   try to beat my best time   
but after a while , it get 's tedious . 
all in all , it ' sstill a fun game . 
i got this for christmas and this beats the hell out of having cables . 
forget the extension cables ! 
wireless is the only way to go with this controller . 
the controller has 4 channels so you can find which channel fits your gamecube . 
it takes 2 aa bateries and the battery life is amazing . 
that 's all over with ! 
lay on the couch , sit at the kitchen table while you play . 
this is one of the greatest inventions nintendo ever came out with . 
this is a must buy and guarantees satisfaction . 
i 'll tell you what i thought . 
its meant to be played as a mean joke . 
i did n't like that so much . 
still linear- do n't know how you could have a story without that- 
but , like i said , it 's all a bit of a mean joke 
and i got tired of it . 
the city was neat 
but i never felt like it was very satisfying , 
like , you could really only be a thug and that 's it . 
i guess that 's the point , you could do a lot within that , 
just , there was n't any feeling of richness or depth , 
just breadth.graphics   c- again disappointing . 
that 's just me.learning factor   
just tell me in detail about how things work and about controls and stuff . 
cute , but useless.chore factor   
f see belowdifficulty   
difficulty levels are god 's gift to a diverse population ! 
especially useful difficulty levels . 
this had none whatsoever . 
i do sincerely recommend it . 
it totally got the whole weird pulp fiction gangster movie amoral thing pretty well . 
the game but do n't buy it 
it 's not worth 
you 're money . 
the navigator screams ,   30 seconds ! 
this game is a must - have for all 1st person shooter fans . 
but be warned   it is a little short   15 hours . 
but if you overlook that , then you 'll be extremely pleased . 
action is sparse and senseless wandering is essential to the game . 
this game can put you to sleep faster than sleeping pills . 
there are occasions when a fanboy has to fall on the floor laughing . 
we forgive the ignorant media though . 
playing as dr . 
eggman 's   formerly dr . 
i do have a complaint about rouge 's fetch quests though . 
do n't hesitate to buy it . 
brilliant ea- just simply brilliant.bf1942   currently version 1.31   is full of bugs . 
one of the included maps crashes on me constantly- 
i have never been able to complete it . 
ea tech support is not much help either . 
they suggest running bf1942 from a clean boot without running anything else before . 
this does help . 
some of the in - game player - player options are even worse . 
it 's fairly common to see players jumping around from lag . 
bf is definately a resource hog . 
i obviously have n't played this game yet 
i ' ve seen all the trailers and clips that are available . 
it 's faster with great max payne type effects . 
great new outfit , great weapons and great levels are going to be available . 
problem solving is gon na be even harder and the game features new strategies . 
her fighting capabilty   even without guns   has also been improved ! 
she can now have hand - to hand conflict ! 
and she can grab people and can choke them more often than before . 
a sinister alchemist comes to conflict with lara after a series of bloody murders . 
the former mentor of lara   von croy   died . 
lara then gets furious . 
she 's a fugitive . 
a criminal in the eyes of the police ! 
if the alliance regains it 's power - trouble will occur . 
it is up to lara to stop it from unleashing it 
the game sound good so far ? 
well it 's even better . 
, it 's not gta of course . 
not so great graphics , pretty fun at the time . 
these 2 games are great if you like older rpg . 
i have the ps one games and my grandson has the nindendo ds versions . 
the games have good stories and characters . 
the enemies are tough at times . 
it is your classic menu battle system and requires time to level up characters . 
very enjoyable . 
would highly recommend you try these is you like the older games . 
i love first - person shooters   stealth or no stealth . 
i love james bond - style stories . 
i love humor . 
i love great graphics.therefore , i love this game . 
it is just the right mix of stealth and action . 
this is classic nintendo . 
easy to master , yet still deep enough to be fun . 
unfortunately , it is slightly repetitive and a little short . 
however , the lighting effects and visuals are simply stunning . 
the hardest part in this game is getting the a and h levels . 
not everyone can master these techniques . 
also , for some reason , the female wrestlers look awful . 
last but not least , x8 's sound is purely awful . 
wow ! is this a cute game . 
so colorful , so fun . 
i love everything about it except the loading time is endless . 
oh well , i guess we can not have everything . 
i would buy this game again . 
ff viii is hated because it is not ff vii . 
a must play for any rpg games concerned with plots and side quests . 
also you can get odin as a   34 summon   34 . 
at some points its actually to good . 
the story is n't the greatest , but hey it works just fine . 
trust me . 
personally i think its amazing just how real it all is.overall 
its a fun , fast paced , eye candy loaded game . 
story---   2 5 starsfor a gba game 
, it 's a fine story . 
for a metroid game , it 's awful . 
there is no sense of isolation , a key factor of the franchise . 
and , why ? 
for no reason . 
a quick boil - down of the premise    
1 there are parasites on board   
they are incredibly dangerous and can not safely be interacted with .   
3 uh - oh . 
things are n't going well ? 
the player has zero option as to how to proceed . 
find a power - up   talk to the pc . 
see a boss off in the distance   talk to the pc . 
the casual gamer will be bored , and the completionist will be frustrated . 
it 's just awful .--- 
there is simply no point in replaying this game .--- 
1 5 starsit 's just a bad game . 
and it 's absolutely awful for a metroid game . 
do n't expect realistic graphics when playing this game . 
but this is normal for nintendo at that time . 
the game 's just goofy fun 
, so the graphics reflect that.my only minor complaint on the game 
is the lack of rounds . 
the gamer only has one round to destroy his her oppponent . 
fortunately , this is more than enough time . 
and it has some good replay value . 
if you have the chance , purchase it . 
if there is a game one must buy it 's this one . 
truely a master piece . 
the bast game out for gba to date . 
then after the second day i got tired of it . 
really disappointing . 
best part is that game is free to play online unlike this game . 
get it and you will enjoy it . 
i bought ' cfs2 ' a year ago and installed in without a problem . 
i played the game and found it very fun ! 
very very fast.you have a shedload of moves and manuvers 
you can perform.all 
this is well and good , but still have to go and be peter parker 
your creature can be good and nobel or it can be evil . 
this is the best game to come out on the pc for a long time 
the game has everything you need to get a feeling of realistic war . 
every one of them has it 's own strengths . 
it 's easily the best rts ever made . 
the voice acting is great .   
agent 47   is simply a great main character for a video game . 
these are the parts that exceed the game 's lofty expectations . 
the variety for completing these levels is also endless . 
the only way to finish the level is by killing all of them . 
it 's poor level design.the storyline for the game is weak . 
the mapping function is mediocre and underdeveloped . 
it still gives you an experience that no other game can give you . 
the great levels in the game make it worth playing through its faults . 
i kept looking for good mac games and eventually i found this . 
the most addictive game ever on mac ! ! 
i bought it and i was not dissapointed . 
i think they should release sims 2 on mac too because mac is the best 
when i was a kid i would play this game non - stop . 
it seriously brings back memories . 
making a city , it 's a change for once . 
it 's eazy   ... . 
more,9.5 10 overall 
i hope my title is off , really . 
i ' m also curious to see how this one ports to xbox . 
call of duty 1 for pc was way way better than this . 
no thanks . 
and i personally had a much higher quality with the av component cables.for 25 
never played any of the mario kart games . 
hard to believe ? 
well its true . 
easy to pick up , darn difficult to put down . 
its lots of fun with well animated characters and tracks . 
honestly , great for kids and adults alike . 
grab a multitap for your ps1 or ps2 and round up some friends . 
this where ctr truly shines . 
and major kudos to naughty dog for putting on a fesh set of tires . 
chris benoit12 chris jericho13 christian14 chuck palumbo15 diamond dallas page16 
d - von dudley17 eddie 
guerrero18 edge19 faarooq20 goldust21 hardcore holly22 hollywood hulk hogan23 
rhyno39 ric flair40 rico41 rikishi42 rob van dam43 
the rock44 scotty 2 hotty45 shawn michaels46 shawn stasiak47 spike 
dudley48 stacy keibler49 stephanie mcmahon50 stone cold steve austin51 
tajiri52 tazz53 test54 torrie 
wilson55 triple h56 trish stratus57 undertaker58 vince mcmahon59 william regal60 
x - pacthere is new elimination matches . 
this is an excellent buy . 
all highly recommended . 
what an awkward name . 
person of lordly caliber ? 
behind the subtitle is a very good game . 
the ones you get to know the most are those outside of your army . 
ideally archers go in the back and soldiers in the front . 
as you progress you can look for neutral characters to join your side . 
units are fully customizable . 
this also adds to the strategy.now for the actual combat . 
this is where some gamers may be turned off . 
once combat has begun , you just sit back and watch . 
, this is a very fun experience . 
of course , even with revisions , it is completely outdated . 
but the intrique and spark is still there . 
beautiful scenery and lush sound . 
i would n't recommend this to first person shooter fans . 
but i ' m a big first person shooter fan 
i still find myst to be an excellent adventure.dig in and enjoy . 
apparently , strange rituals were performed there believed to be that of the shinto . 
, right , its probably like ' amityville horror . ' 
the main plot of this game and 
it 's characters 
the camera controls are a little clunky , but are easy to adjust to . 
you can upgrade your camera to defeat enemies easier . 
believe it or not , its still fun to play the game . 
i love this game when it first came out . 
the gameplay is what really matters though , and that 's where doom iii really 
this game is truly a personal cinematic experience . 
this game oozes dread and atmosphere like no other.it is easily worth the money . 
x5 is such a bad game . 
i will try my best .    
first of all , the gameplay . 
wily   and   the x series . 
i love both . 
mega man is mainly supposed to be a side - scroller shooter . 
that is the most important thing   
oh okay , there are a couple things to shoot . 
i can not stand this game . 
it 's like the company has something personal against me.what to talk about next ... 
not now . 
believe it or not , all eight stage bosses can be defeated this way . 
so much for strategy . 
this game is the biggest offender . 
does n't work that way . 
this means more inconvenient text - scrolling . 
it 's incredibly annoying . 
she actually has the nerve to say things like   jump over that wall . 
i think we already knew that . 
i like fun mega man games . 
not this inconsistent 
remember jumping down and avoiding those laser beams ? 
same thing . 
that 's it . 
that 's the only thing mega man x5 has going for it . 
so much for fast - pace shooting dashing action . 
i hate this underwater stage more than the previously mentioned forest stage . 
stare at the ceiling while you play through the forest stage . 
please avoid . 
, it has to be mentioned . 
that 's what i did just now . 
told you why 
x5 is so freakin ' awful . 
a lazy and unremarkable experience . 
i can only imagine what x6 must be like . 
easy install and feels great . 
the skin fits really well and functions properly . 
the first was   lagoon   on the snes , which was good .   
villains who were evil to have someone evil in the story . 
in ff6 , emperor ghestalt and kefka are deeper than that . 
i think it was worth playing . 
thi is my game cube1 . 
black if you like play 
oh men you have to be crazy.3.is 
the perfect one.if 
you want a game cube buy this color 
it 's a shame . 
after reading the reviews , i ' m leary about installing patches - 
so i just uninstalled . 
bioware should never have released a game that works only on certain computers ? 
this was my first 007 game . 
the missing star ? 
two player . 
the levels are tiny and there are n't enough options . 
nightfire hits on two - player . 
the one player action is unbeatable , and great graphics to boot . 
great job creating a new plot and not basing it on the movie . 
there are a few i could n't get after several tries . 
you have to run these games from the dos prompt . 
i   exodus to look anything like its nes counterpart . 
in ultima i through iv , graphics are very poorly defined   
otherwise , i would recommend playing the nes and snes ultima titles . 
i d software . 
you fly as a naboo starfighter pilot , taking out the trade federation forces . 
it 's well worth the little bit of money you 'd spend on it . 
and you beat it ... 
i guess this would be considered old - school by now 
but i remember when this thing first came out . 
i thought that it was the stupidest thing ever . 
then i started playing animal crossing and decided to go ahead and pick one up 
so i could get the extra goodies from the e - reader cards . 
so it 's worth a try if you want to . 
alpha 3 has a roster that will take you months to master each character . 
where you level up your character as you win matches . 
very attractive , although it may be a little grainy at close view.rating   9 
the gameplay is more fun , interesting and inspired than the 64 game . 
5 5 stars 9.5 10 review 
this game is a current champ and an instant classic ! ! 
what more can you ask for in a game ? 
shoot and go- fast action ! 
you must buy this game ! ! ! 
this is first of four games in the series . 
i have played this on all modes of difficulty , and beat them all . 
i highly recommend this game for people looking for a r.e . 
feeling to it except with swords basically . 
i did n't experience no lag or buges so were good . 
2 2.story   
the story is kind of a damsel in distress theme . 
this is a great beginning to a 4 game series . 
he was just there to annoy basically . 
2 2.sound   
2 2.overall , this was a great game to play and i enjoyed it . 
the story was eventful , and extremely fun . 
10 10.game on . 
my daughter loves curious george , and chronicles of narnia . 
re titles . 
i ' m guessing if you 're considering buying this 
, then most likely you ' ve played a re title somewhere before , 
do n't let yourself be taken advantage 
had it have at least been touched up . 
it had a lot more potential , but capcom just got lazy . 
what a shame . 
this gamecube controller fits your hands perfectly . 
there are weaker and stronger rumbles ... 
there are other great games that i am looking for . 
hey what s up its me charlie v1 the best reveiwer ever ! 
i ca nt write long reveiws anymore 
my net sux and i g2 
now i m at school damit ! 
this sux well 
this game is awesome for 20 bucks get 
it v1 naaaa word life 
this game is action packed . 
you can use all sorts of weapons . 
it is a pretty easy game . 
i recommend this to anyone who loves action games . 
i m sure its pretty cool 
the most challenging thing about this game was getting all of the container hearts . 
i will never forget the countless hours spent looking for those things ! ! 
lots of fun . 
the one main reason for this is the difficult driving mechanics . 
i found this game to be the lenghtiest racing sim . 
i played dark cloud 1 , i was n't that impressed . 
this game pisses me off in some ways but is good in alot . 
there are so many sub - quests to do . 
you can combine 3 pictures to form an invention . 
the dungeons are all the same . 
so i can not be sure . 
after i played it for a couple of hours i loved it . 
the storyline is great ! 
the fighting n all needed to get use to but loved it nonetheless . 
you got to pick 
the story is so amazing that it is not seen in video games . 
this is one of my all - time favorite snes games . 
i just now re - played it , and it 's still a blast . 
once you reach the technodrome , shredder sends you into a time warp . 
i highly recommend turtles in time ! ! ! 
and i had been playing it for 5   hours straight . 
get it , you will not regret it . 
i definetly do n't think so . 
that 's right . 
this game is insanely short . 
i started playing it at 12 p.m. and beat it at nearly 4 p.m .. 
the story is just stupid and poorly written . 
the gameplay is actually pretty fun , but it 's so friggin ' short ! 
you used to be able to blow up anything you saw . 
now , it 's just a few select spots . 
ok , now on to the bright spots . 
the graphics are really good i thought . 
and the reason to buy this game is the multiplayer . 
my friends and i have played the multiplayer for hours . 
if you 're looking for a good single player experience , look elsewhere . 
it 's good , but not worth the money . 
if you like multiplayer , this is definetly one to pick up . 
you and your friends will play this for hours on end . 
too bad it 's not on xbox live ... 
i was curious about this game . 
so i bought it for the ps2 eagerly opened it and started playing . 
i have to admit i did n't even get past the first level . 
the frame rate drops constantly . 
so as not to be totally negative 
the story is good . 
a total waste of time ! ! 
never has a game with such potential and mouth dropping graphics been soo horrible . 
i got the game thinkin 
no lie here , the worst baseball game to date , hands down . 
just take my advice , stay away ! 
this game is only mediocore . 
the game has good graphics , but bad sound effects . 
this expansion is good ... but there have been few changes from elite force . 
there are new models , and new skins ... 
the expansion add a great option to walk around and explore voyager . 
you can even launch the auto - destruct on the bridge .... 
as for the maps these are good .. esp . 
for multi - player games and death - matches . 
love collecting these old games . 
i fell in love with the anime . 
i ' m a huge fan of seto - keiba 
and i wish i was him ... 
well , that aside lets get onto the game!this 
follows very hardly into the games standard rules . 
it 's very beautiful , and alot cheeper than the cards themselves . 
i ' m sooo adicted to this game . 
there are so many styles to play . 
it is really hard to describe a game like outlaw golf . 
in my opinion , outlaw golf is n't a good solid game . 
added to the positive side of this game .   
multiplayer -the multiplayer for this game is good . 
all you need is one controller which allows all the players to use . 
i said these catergories were good in the game , there also bad . 
i mean come on , 
three courses for a   price   game , that s really pretty bad . 
not true . 
believe me ... 
you 'll be glad you did . 
97 100amazing for black and white ! 
superb!sound- 98 100catchy and memorable , a true kirby sound.gameplay- 
sounds innovative to me.replay value- 
64 100just do n't expect to sit around for hours to play this . 
quot occarina of time 
crazy taxi is a really cool game and is lots of fun to play 
but it gets really old after a while . 
out of a perfect 5.0 here 's what i give it ' sgraphics   
4.5sound   4.5fun factor   3.0 
so now t amp 
e soft is back   after working on mario golf ?   
it just makes me wonder why this is n't the default mode . 
the only other nauseating thing about the game is the timing of the swings . 
it is illogical that the speeds of the swings change depending on your club ... 
you are forced to play the game over weeks and months ... 
there are many stats   hooray !   
if you do n't like it.the physics seem phony at times , too . 
and also i love how it plays all those nostalgic songs while puzzling . 
it 's an addicting puzzle game to let off some steam 
capcom should n't be blamed for the restrictions of the system . 
awesome game . 
actually , my title is misleading . 
it has a plot . 
but this is n't what i ' ve come to expect . 
that 's what they did with gladius . 
i kid you not.narration aside , this is an awesome game . 
it 's not an action game . 
it 's a strategy rpg . 
a decent grasp of basic tactics will see you though the whole game . 
they 're right . 
the computer is stupid . 
there is n't any . 
when i spend fifty bucks , i wanna be seriously entertained . 
they could take a serious lesson from dungeons and dragons.all in all ? 
fun game . 
his pantsthis game was definitly overshadowed by the imfamus metal gear solid . 
, it 's still a good game , not as good as the first . 
now i dunno why they put out syphon filter 3 , that game stinks . 
let 's just hope omega strain can be as fun as this classic.peace 
the storyline itself is compelling and will actually have you incredibly interested . 
i 'll keep this short . 
soon they overrun the ship , all while you as snake witness it happen . 
this game is the best . 
each challenging you to do your best ... have 
fun is all i can say ! 
final fantasy ix would ' ve been great . 
but there is something very stupid and annoying about it . 
the steal rate is very low , like 1   chance success rate . 
if i knew this , i would ' ve never bought the game . 
the game would be badass without it . 
it is a waste of the player 's life . 
how can you go wrong ? ? 
i love this game ! 
in the originals , you always knew where your enemies were approaching from . 
not medievil 2 either , the original from   years   back . 
and i can play this glorious game forever.i love this game ! 
i grew up playing this game . 
all the legal crap died off on this game years ago . 
the patched version still suffers from crashing , however . 
i got this game when it came out way back when in 2004 . 
34   my friends 
it was a blast back in it 's prime . 
some points were pretty cheesy , like eating lizards to replenish health . 
the voiceovers were n't that great either 
but i guess they were good at the time . 
this game is beyond being perfect in anyway 
i ' m a guy who likes to play action shoot 'em ups 
and i almost fell over when i played this game and liked it . 
the game is actualy a lot of fun . 
you will rarly get bored and it is never frustrating . 
if you like the spyro and crash games , you 'll love this one . 
at last a sequel that is as good as the original . 
there are eight new worls to explore and conquer . 
the missions on the levels can be completed indepentlt as banjo or kazooie . 
bond is back in a all new ... 
oh , i was telling you some of the secret characters.some cheats you may ask 
i 'll give you 10 cheats.1.magazine 
bigger sniper clip 2.party 
all multiplayer characters 3.target golden gun 4.sleepy stronger tranquilizers 
5.blastoff countdown level 
6.q lab golden p2k 7.photon 
racing jdm cars on the wangan and more . 
sound like fun ? 
picture a jdm arcade game racing on the wangan . 
it is a blast ! ! 
i never get enough of it . 
preferably with link cable . 
i think this one is one of them . 
i have this game about two and a half years . 
i still can not finish it ! 
but it 's alright . 
that 's what i love about this game . 
i also realize you can exchange ghosts ... 
cool ! ! ! 
it makes this game even more perfect . 
this is it ! 
super mario 64 is a game that ca nt be found anywhere else ! 
it is truly amazing in every aspect from stunning graphics to superbly versatile gameplay . 
yes , it is old now !   
you will not be dissapointed . guaranteed ! 
, the classic movie . 
i thought the video game would be much of the same . 
well , i was wrong . 
the gameplay   
it 's just boring . 
there is no map of the shire , no hints of what to do . 
everything has to be figured out by yourself . 
but nooooooooo wait 
i had to start over several times because of that . 
no where to go , no where to hide . 
most people do n't . 
and the whole process is just boring . 
no excitement , no real rewards . 
the forest is full of creatures , which are all so easy to kill . 
you must then find 15 lilies , which takes another 30 minutes . 
this would get probably 4 stars . 
the graphics are pretty goood , but are ps2 graphics . 
it was n't what it could have been . 
but their capes for some reason are flat and are in 2d . 
very dumb . 
but in many aspects , the game was good . 
but with the horrible gameplay , this game could not be saved.3 . 
sound    lasting appeal   
unfortunantly , this was the only fun part of the game . 
as for the lasting appeal , none . 
_ riddle of the sphinx 
so watch out for that!the interface was a bit clumsy . 
my 11 and 7 year old sons love this game . 
i think it is a fine way to while away some play time . 
no violence and pretty creative . 
boy was i totally wrong . 
first of all , let me say it 's not actually a game . 
it 's more like an interactive creative tool . 
but it sure is just as fun as any game , if not more ! 
anyone who likes to design video effect will have a blast with this . 
this title is a guaranteed great time and endless hours of fun . 
i found the interface to be very user - friendly and well - organized . 
with the cd - rom details are fuzzy . 
at times you play sam , other times hannah . 
one of the difficulties is knowing who to play when . 
that 's ok 
but that was n't what did me 
in.what did me in were the puzzles . 
in other words , finding clues , putting them together and solving the puzzle . 
no - some of these were random puzzles . 
the puzzle is random 
so it 's a new route everytime . 
it 's not as easy as it sounds . 
i probably attempted this puzzle 30 - 40 times until i got it right . 
but guess what ... 
you do n't have to do this one time , but twice 
and you have to get it 
right two times in a row . 
one walkthrough   
oh but guess what ? ? ? 
sorry - not me . 
that 's when i quit . 
i was able to finished 3 4 of this horrible game 
but i just could n't go 
on.i would only recommend this game if you are some kind of masochist . 
ohhhhh yeeeaaahh baaaby .   
most of the riffs , other than vocals , are pretty chill 
in all honesty this game just ins't very good . 
if you really want to make some good music then take your money elsware 
but i still wish he looked cooler.gameplay- very good 
but it is an awesome feature . 
oh and its not that hard to control.story- 
the objects in this game are totally cool . 
the guns are awesome only i wish the sniper could lock on to people . 
also a lot of stuff you see you can use 
this game is the best batman game ever made . 
i wish the game had contained even more of these interwoven story elements.2 . 
the cut - scenes in hidden evil were extremely well done . 
the character of ensign sovok was well developed and engaging . 
1 . this was my first true action game . 
and i still needed to shoot other characters in order to progress . 
and it 's a good thing 
with portals , that is where the monsters enter to join your dungeon . 
this game is great fun for simpson 's fans - for a little while . 
that 's a giant drag . 
some vehicles handle much differently than others . 
despite it 's drawbacks 
it 's the game i play the most out of all of my games . 
so four swords ca nt be all that bad .    
this little game pak has it all . 
nintendo 64 is the best system to date . 
x it 'll do fine . 
i suppose that 's why they call it   quot the fun machine quot . 
code veronica   
you can not use the   ' retry ? ' 
option 3   
steve   quickly from one of the trap rooms 
you 're a true survival horror fan 
, this game is bound to keep you entertained 
it 's best to learn to crawl before you walk.happy hunting ! 
the units in age of mythology and empire earth move much smoother . 
the flying units look terrible compared to the same units in empire earth . 
do yourself a favor and buy the empire earth gold edition . 
it is cheaper and a better game for your average rts player . 
unique units for each civilization does not a better game make . 
picture for a moment a vast prairie . 
there are deserts . 
caverns and abandoned towers . 
suddenly , monstrous demons appear as if from thin air . 
it 's here that you enter the story . 
it 's a fetch quest of the oddest sort . 
or something.a few hours in , 
oh , sorry ,   someone might say .   
you just missed him . 
head on over to the spring of bravery .   
only they do n't put things so casually . 
it 's more like   
eth .   
but no , you have n't . 
no matter the size of your items , eight is it . 
no more . 
armor and weapons are ludicrously expensive . 
suddenly , you can go almost anywhere you want . 
there are some truly challenging destinations . 
there 's just something truly satisfying about scraping your way through such challenging realms . 
imagine that you 're halfway through a dungeon . 
do you risk flight and leave yourself open if they cut you off ? 
yes , the game is one big series of fetch quests . 
there are a ton of places to explore and puzzles to solve . 
i loved not knowing what would happen next as i trekked across barren wastelands . 
me , i love it . 
age of empires is better than other simulation games . 
age of empires 2 age of the kings has many features . 
aoe age of the kings has the best campaigns like the william wallace campaign . 
age of empires represents a strong game . 
only if a 3rd version would be made . 
click enter on your keyboard and then type it incheese steak jimmy ' 
1000 foodrobin hood- 1,000 goldrock 
i like it so much i play it practically every day . 
this is certainly on my must own list . 
the real issue here is that this is the real   warlords edition . 
this version rocks!my homebuild is as follows   
make sure you get the right version . 
now , i can beat three other people at one time . 
the controlers are easy and tough . 
they got here in a flash and were well packed . 
it will feature 2 new features . 
i ' m so excited . 
the pros are that there is more fun . 
you have different vehicles to destroy her ! 
from space ships to wagons to tanks . 
i think gc 's wrestlemania game has great potential.this had outstanding potential 
and i was well pleased when this got delayed by four months . 
because i thought a lot of extra work was going into it . 
player model and movements are downright bewildering.near zero options and replay value . 
you can not even go for the tag titles ! 
no story mode ! 
no steel cage , no royal rumble ... 
no nothing!the roster is filled mostly with jokes . 
i have one game for it   halo . 
i do n't see anything coming anytime soon that looks promising . 
i am ashamed to own an xbox as of now . 
this controller is great for kids or people with small hands . 
the controller s solves that problem . 
all it was to me was   quot 
quot   or   quot boo ! 
either that or get tekken tag . 
that one was better . 
here is how i rate metal gear soilid 2sound   10graphics   
10gameplay   8story   10fun   
they ' ve been given the job of making the next panzer dragoon 
, that 's a tall order .   
what next ? 
want to go to the bus terminal ? 
skate through traffic on a street behind your hangout 
and you 're there , visit the sewers ? 
jump into the drain at the slums and head into the underground sewage plant . 
but with so much freedom comes a glaring oversight from the developers . 
yes , at times it can be quite the rage . 
show   quot quantum leap quot   
i loved that ! 
i liked the game at first . 
it was fun , challenging , etc . 
all that was gone when i came upon the jump quests . 
i found this part extremely frustrating that i just quit . 
yes , it 's my fault . 
but let me warn you 
this was the most frustrating thing about this game . 
oh well . 
i did n't expect it to be groundbreaking . 
but in the end there really was n't . 
especially after all the hype lucas arts pumped before it 's release . 
all said and done it is still enjoyable . 
although the plot does n't make much sense , gv is a cool game . 
makes the game worth playing , a good addition to the xbox collection . 
first off this game is not a rts   
real time strategy   like another reviewer said . 
you control up to three platoons   
the controls in mission are ok but until you get the last ms   
i forgot the name   
you do n't have very much in the way of mobility .   
kings 7 is graphically very good and the story and gameplay is pretty cool . 
roberta williams was definitley ahead of her time 
it was an excellent story . 
hehe , sabin . 
well this was before ff7 and the 3d era of gaming . 
all with their own personalities . 
i do n't know ... . 
so what are you waiting for ? ? 
i still can not fathom how they managed to botch that one ! , 
keep in mind that it has only skin - deep similarities to its predecessor . 
the gameplay itself is outstanding . 
that alone can make a person frustrated , especially when time is of value . 
other than that one flaw , i loved it . 
first things first . 
this game is fun , and it got two stars for that only.diablo 2 
was fun for a while . 
not a long while like neverwinter nights , but a little while . 
every battle seemed to be the same , and it was all too easy . 
you 'll be back . 
the physics involved in this game are incredible ! ! ! 
all i used was a standard keyboard . 
it 's worth the wait . 
oh my goodness . . 
well , looks like i may have to stop playing rpgs . . . 
because no other will ever be this good , so what 's the point ? 
i liked it ! 
at first i was n't too impressed by the graphics of halo . 
but they 're usually readily available 
-- now i have to go back and play it again ! 
thanks again for this item . 
animal crossingone of nintendo 's top titles for the gamecube was animal crossing . 
many players bought this game and are still playing today . 
the graphics for this game are horrible . 
looking for other characters is a task because the view is so annoying . 
4 10there really is no story in this game . 
you have hopped on a train heading for a town . 
you have pretty much no money . 
he allows you to make payments on it . 
from that point on there is no story . 
you just visit with other critters in the world and talk to them . 
there is nothing going on to keep you interested in the game . 
all you do is pay tom nook money and buy things from his shop . 
the music is probably the only thing you can deal with on the game . 
even then , it is usual an annoying tune that gets old quick . 
the characters talk in a weird language that is more annoying than the sims . 
i suggest turning the animal language off in the beginning of the game . 
you will get so sick of hearing the way 
6 10you need to collect cash to pay off tom nook . 
after that you are on your own . 
this is all fun for a couple weeks . 
eventually you will realize that this is a routine game . 
you do the same thing every time you turn on the game . 
trading fruit between towns can lead to a huge profit . 
it 's up to you . 
the only hard part about this game is paying off tom 's insane fees . 
other than that there are no hard parts . 
if it is n't there then you wait until the next day . 
if not then just avoid this all together . 
it will get too tiresome too fast . 
game is a classic . 
if you love zelda you 'll love this game . 
now i am glad i picked up.it definitely has its faults . 
1   too much teen angst . 
it is still a step up from ff7 . 
the animation for characters and gfs are far better . 
the limit breaks give each character their own flavor . 
also in these game , meet moneybags . 
7.5 10-storyline is a bit bland 
7 10overall , a great spyro game . 
also , the same concept applies for fans of the genre . 
that aside , every single gamer should own this game . 
rise of nations is just incredible . 
it is impossible to describe the awesomeness of this game . 
if you 're a rts fan 
and you do n't have this in your collection 
, i hereby consider one of the most ridiculous people ever to live . 
no gamer should have any hesitation on picking up this game . 
there is not a single flaw about it . 
this game is incredible and you will not be able to put it down . 
check wikipedia if you are doubtful . 
it 's an imitation of a run n ' shoot type game . 
i repeat the creator of metal gear was not even involved in this . 
it 's only metal gear by name . 
i 'll explain the basics and stuff like that . 
no multi player this time guys . 
this is a solo missionfun   can do realistic things ! ! ! 
it turns night quickly!overall- 4 stars and that is it . 
a little flaws is the reason that it is n't 5 stars . 
i give it 4 stars . 
and it was no much people have it this side of the ocean . 
with this official arrival that will change . 
the one winged angel quot    
never before has emotion and narrative been combined so well into one epic . 
it 's pure genius . 
this game is    really good . 
i should have reviewed this game a very long time ago . 
at this point , its a classic . 
if you can find it , buy it . 
if you like real time strategy and space games .... this is for you . 
it also has great story . 
i started playing this game from the first installment and even release 2.5 . 
i ' m still waiting for the true 3.0 release . 
the cartridge was clean , game worked well . 
i bought in the game in hopes it 'd be fun 
new game engine , new characters , missions and weapons.it even contains rpg elements . 
players obtain points by completing mission objectives and discovering secret documents . 
this game is tough and it is about time companies starting making tougher games . 
the cars , graphics and sounds are excellent . 
the racing music is customizeable and that is awesome . 
good times . 
what a bad idea . 
the sound was terrible . 
overall , just a terrible game . 
you will not surive this if you buy it . 
then this is the pick.lots of exploring and item swapping . 
i strongly suggest that you purchase the game guide . 
i would have gone crazy without it . 
i must admit that i still have not beaten the final game boss . 
great purchase ! 
this game is just amazing . 
i can not imagine life without it . 
i have n't beaten it yet , but the concepts are awesome . 
there is just so much here . 
i do n't know if i can comment it all.we 'll start with graphics . 
they rock . 
i have never seen this quality on a handheld . 
these graphics are better than good ol' super nintendo . 
i can not believe it . 
the summons and magic graphics amaze me . 
i had no idea what unleash meant , until it happened . 
awesome graphically.next , sound . 
i love the music and the fx . 
they remind me of final fantasy vii . 
the sound for golden sun is having the same effect.finally , gameplay . 
only one thing can do it justice   flawless.overall , this game is great . 
get it . 
you will not regret it . 
the graphics , music and animation are great . 
the voice character acting was one of my personal favorites ! 
there are many different colorful characters , worlds , and quests in this game . 
so it 's much more than a hack and slash game . 
this is the one . 
it 's just the sound of a ton of people all in one place . 
absolutely , but only after two years of playing . 
it is well worth it . 
but do n't let that scare you away . 
if you 're not into that   quot where 's waldo ? 
i think it 's a casual sim for the casual gaming crowd . 
it 's great bit of fun ! 
it almost seems like it 's part role playing game . 
it 's the difference between tactical   mechwarrior   versus strategic control   mechcommander , 
mw   versus strategy   mc ... 
the sound is also well done , but left me wanting more . 
you definitely have to strategize here and plan the outfitting of your mechs carefully . 
the largest this ever reaches is the final mission , at 450 tons . 
that 's my only real complaint . 
this game does'nt mess around 
so you have to be focused at all times . 
i advise first timers to use the practice level before playing the actual game . 
this game should have never been released in its current state . 
its load times are unacceptable . 
this is an extremely bad port of ff5 and ff6 . 
ff5 freezes very often when you try to save . 
also its load times are long . 
ff5 just butchers the english language . 
stick to the snes or get these games on gameboy advance . 
also ff5 is exactly the same on psn as it was in anthology . 
shame on you square soft , shame . 
try to get a big one ! 
vacation will allow you to have hotals ! 
all kinds of different prices and decoration will be allowed ! 
d 10 10 sound 
, downtown music was suberb , i wonder how vacation music will sound ? 
it will probably be awesome ! 
10 10 overall , if your a sims fan , get it . 
however , this is a minor gripe . 
this game is much better than what a lot of people make it . 
it 's a complete game with great graphics ... 
i feel like chicken tonight quot   commercial 
but that 's ok , 
that 's what the start button is for . 
a good buy ! 
even good computers wo nt play it well ! 
and i ' m not a particularly fast player . 
since game play is a bit monotonous , this is a viable option . 
there just is n't time to do any real character building . 
oh well , it was almost fun while it lasted ! 
personally i too am against rudy sharp 's review . 
he obviously just does n't take good care of his ps2-roms . 
oh , sorry . 
i went off topic . 
anyways , this is the coolest stand out there . 
plus it makes the ps2 take up less space . 
in the beginning , there was nba jam . 
and it was not so good.but then , 
it was good.and now there is nba street 2 . 
there a downside ? 
that 's kind of a bummer . 
this game is awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
snes could nt make a better rpg!its about some guy named smithy . 
there is also some others characters . 
mallow , and this other magickoopa guy . 
its pretty long , fun , and challenging at parts . 
all other engine quality is equal . 
the game ran much slower than it did on xbox , 10fps . 
30 on xbox . 
i ve played this game on my pc when i was really young . 
i thought it was actually creepy   which i kinda still do . 
i just love the myst series and this is my favorite . 
i remember it as ! 
that can be replaced . 
i really wish they still made games like this . 
well when i played it it was easy and it does get harder 
it just grow on me 
you have two blades one on both arms 
you suck blood 
you can jump on them and suck there blood its your life 
your a hot chick half vampire half human eny enyway 
i think it is a cool game rent it befor u buy it ! 
who has n't played this classic ? 
the controls feel good and there 's even a sense of momentum . 
my complaint with it is that it 's too simple . 
it 's props . 
in fact , i hated the swimming levels . 
classic , even the music is memorable . 
it 's still dope but super mario bros . 
3 is where it 's at now . 
the only problem is noone really knows about it . 
it 's so slow it 's almost silly.and 
i mean it should nt be so ridiculous . 
i just want to race , go fast and have fun . 
if you played splashdown   awesome gameplay   
for example , you ca nt turn with even medium speed . 
as a note , i rented this game and i certainly would n't buy it.if 
i completed the career and have played it so many times 
but i gave it a 2 only for cool graphics , and music support . 
there is no reason that you would n't want to buy this game now . 
the graphics are stunningly beautiful . 
the sound is powerful . 
the gameplay is fast and challenging . 
well , no . 
but is the best game i have played for the xbox since halo . 
this is because of the different weapons and abilities of the squad . 
this adds considerable enjoyment and replay value to the game . 
you will not be disappointed ! 
there are some physics , but they are not overpowering.the mid air zepplin battles . 
good luck in manhattan no level creator !   
if you like better graphics and such get tomb raider anniversary . 
if you like harder challenge get the old version . 
either one is both good on game play . 
advance wars is a turn based , not real time , strategy war game . 
kinda of feels similar to a war campaign version of vandal hearts . 
definitely fun . 
each one has their own distinct strengths and weaknesses . 
but it has no anti air capabilities . 
this definitely is no kid 's game as the amazon review says . 
you 're gon na have to think a bit which is fine by me . 
after the disappointing clock tower 2 , clock tower 3 is a vast improvement . 
this aspect is very fascinating and successfully frightening . 
these cut - scenes are amazingly executed , and very entertaining to watch . 
to make things even more difficult , alyssa reacts a bit more realistically . 
very cool . 
a few of these are very challenging , especially the last boss . 
you end up finishing a game too quickly . 
i found it very impressive . 
this was a superb choice of music for the first story . 
it almost brought me to tears . 
his laugh could drive you to the nuthouse i think . 
i got a real kick out the scissor twins ... 
i thought they were a riot . 
the plot was exciting , horrifying , and even at times heart wrenching . 
i like this game because of these two characters . 
this game also brings back wesker you do n't wanna miss . 
this is , as of 2008 , the pinnacle of final fantasies . 
there was guilt if you made your own six characters . 
buy it now ! 
i remember when i was 6 years old . 
this my most favorite thing in the world on nes . 
now it is back again on game boy color . 
you can also race against boo on certain levels . 
this is a great game . 
just like the original but with tons of extras . 
her adventure begins as she enters a mysterious derelict spaceship . 
traverse a crippled spaceship and explore the vast worlds of tallon 
iv in an all - new first - person perspective ! 
choose the right weapon or ability carefully for the situation at hand . 
fast shipping arrived in great condition just as described . 
great classic game to add to my collection . highly recommended . 
i hold a deep affection for this game . 
baby!!!get this game and have a wild time ! ! ! 
a very simple product . 
this is an essential item for the ps2 . 
when i initially got mine , i did n't buy one of these . 
but just to give you an example , 
nfl2k1 saved season take up 90   of one dreamcast memory card . 
i originally ordered this 
, i bought 2 of them . 
there is even a place to put a label on . 
her is the damage static for the second boss on battle toads arade game . 
anybody got snakeskin boats in a size 12 ! 
she you next fall jerry . 
i have just one thing to say toads rule ! 
, i ' ve been watching more than planning and actually doing anything . 
konami could have easily made a deeper , more complex sim than this . 
sim city was done on the snes , why not here ? 
the reason is that it satisfies my male cravings to kill and win . 
nemesis follows you around so much that instead of getting annoyed , you get .... 
sim themepark was not what i saw coming . 
i was so excited ! 
but then , the downside comes along . 
the installation takes forever . 
i had to try again to make it work . 
then , it takes forever just to get into the game . 
so i have to restart the computer completely . 
at all . 
thank you for reading my review ! 
unreal tournament for the dreamcast rocks ! 
not to mention change many people 's opinion on rpgs for life .   
i personally can not wait for the sequel to be released here . 
this unit counters or is vulnerable that unit . 
c c   games are that way . 
right away you can make various plants for creating various units . 
buildings are the same way . 
this is a solid rts and a great value . 
i really like this game , and you may too ! 
dthis game focuses on government . 
all the controls , units , and gameplay is very similar to caesar 3 . 
although pharaoh is not a new game , yet it is fun to play . 
soul calibur is a fun game that keeps me coming back for more . 
but the strength likes in it 's combo system . 
this game rules ! ! ! 
i think everyone who owns a gamecube should get this ! ! ! 
it is more frustrating than it is worth . 
i bought riven or myst ii and quit after a few days . 
the puzzles just get to weird . 
the same applies for myst iii . 
there is so much stuff you could do with each puzzle 
and they are so weird that you can spend an eternity doing one puzzle . 
myst iii screams out buy a book because it 's so difficult . 
i picked this up the other day and 
i ' ve set it to the japanese acting instead of the english . 
controls will take some getting used to unless you 're a resident evil veteran . 
overall , i still give it a 4 out of 5 . 
halo , an amazing game . 
the difinitive x - box game . 
i love everything about this game- 
but not the mouse and keyboard . 
it is a must have . 
just buy it . 
so cool items 
thanks you     i going play it 
the games soon i can when i can get my pokemon red 
they will give you a goal and a time limit . 
there are many goals that force you to use a certain type of trick . 
thps3 was short and simple . 
thps4 is much longer . 
there are 190 goals total , some of which are insanely difficult . 
as you progress through the game with one skater , you progress with them 
this game is awufal . 
it has loads of bugs , and gets slow towards the end of it . 
there are very few units also . 
i have had it for 3 days , and i am already board . 
also the ai is really bad . 
i need to play on the hardest setting , and it is still easy . 
if you want a better game for less price , then buy starcraft . 
the graphics are realy bad . 
the controls are preaty bad too . 
this game also was good for putting all the challenges at the end . 
so over all this game is ok . 
customize and take your team to the nba finals year after year . 
manage your team through 25 consecutive seasons . 
earn awards and rack up impressive stats to fill your personal virtual trophy case ! 
this is a very dissapointing system . 
slow loading , bad graphics , and terrible games . 
but it has a good controller . 
great graphics , good gameplay . 
if you want a challenging game , get this one . 
its kinda hard , it 'll keep you busy for a couple of weeks . 
disney characters ? 
you mean little mickeys and minnies in a game ? 
really , give it a chance . 
too!first , the graphics are just amazing . 
the characters are all amazingly rendered . 
there are many quests on each planet , all quite fun and logical . 
so part of his quest is to find her and protect her . 
that said , the game is really fun . 
no , there are gems to collect and characters to meet . 
this was the beginning of spyro . 
he only got better and better in future games . 
did i mention how cute spyro is ? ? 
half life 1 was a fantastic first person shooting game released somewhere around 1999 . 
the good way is the game shows off its artificial intelligence by pitting you ... 
usually you fight 10 marines at a time in wide open areas . 
the expansion also dabbles in having an important character dr . 
guide you as in briefly tell you what to do through believable voice acting.in 
however , gta3 has changed all that . 
every car is jackable , everyone is robbable and every cop is watching you .... 
that 's a pretty brief description but it touches the theme . 
no spoilers ... 
you have to see for yourself.reason 3   the gameplay is very intuitive . 
very cool . 
same went for the cars . 
i did n't notice it because i was so used to playing . 
brilliant!reason 4   the ambiance is amazing . 
every character walking around will utter something that fits their personality . 
the cops scream at you to get down and all that cop jazz . 
pimps proposition you to check out their   merchandise   .... 
this is actually seconded by the radio in this game . 
there 's even a talk station . 
the music is actually really good . 
it 's hilarious and absolutely perfect!like 
oh yeah ... and 
yes , you can do that . 
i ' m going to stop writing and go play some more . 
i ' ve beaten this game twice 
and it 's still not old . 
if you buy a ps2 , you have to buy this game . 
you will not regret it . 
i almost gave up this game . 
then about a month later , i was able to win 1st place . 
sonic shuffle is a good game to buy . 
and it is definitely off the chain ! ! ! 
forget the standard final fantasystory line . 
this game is suggested for an audience 13 and up . 
the beginning is still sort of fun 
but the graphics are extremely terrible compared to the extremely amazing graphics of today 
still a great buy for reminisce sake . 
an epic adventure game the like which are extremely rare these days , 
i can think of no better adventure game that exemplifies this then the longest journey 
a lot improved from the first one . 
graphics and everything are still the best . 
it 's ...    _ 
the action is incredible fast paced and furious . 
some nice plot twists and great characters truely make this a classic . 
this game is a super cool game ! 
but it messed up a lot . 
well not quite . 
sega has offered up a new shinobi for the 21st century . 
this game suffers from a number of problems.first the good . 
the main character of hotsuma is very easy to control . 
hotsuma is also one ninja with serious style . 
the cg cutscenes are also nicely done.unfortunatley 
that 's where the positives end . 
this games main downfall comes from it 's gameplay . 
the action is highly repititive . 
but unfortunately the good people at sega failed to give the game any depth . 
there 's little variety in gameplay . 
the word   quot shinobi quot   in japanese means   quot stealth quot . 
in truth stealth has absolutley nothing to do with this game . 
the game 's music is n't anything particularly unique and captivating either . 
i have had this game for awhile now . 
it 's really the only mmorpg i have played 
so i can not compare it to any others . 
i must say this is one of the best rpgs i have played . 
the world is large and fun to explore . 
the dungeons you can explore have a wide variety of challenges . 
although i can not say i like this i think it makes sense . 
that would just suck . 
you got ta pay the time to get the results . 
if you do n't like it play a less tedious game . 
i ' m not sure why they even have weapon vendors in this game 
, no one buys from them except people who do n't know any better . 
i 'd like to see vendors at least sell decent gear . 
the good stuff anyway . 
they can never afford the best gear . 
well , try finding 39 other people to go with you somewhere . 
um , it ai n't happening . 
way too many egos and personalities to mangage . 
why do n't you friggin ' do it ? 
you can not just ' wing it ' . 
this leads to an experience that can be summed up as ... not fun . 
imo of course . 
but all the really good guilds are hard to get into . 
it does n't matter how much you play or how bad you want it 
you ai n't gettin ' 
once you reach a very high rank you get rewarded with good gear . 
i know i ' ve done my time . 
but i still have fun with this game . 
having real life friends play this game with you helps i guess . 
ok , i m gon na be frank , and you can be joe ... 
to me it was a good game.then 
a couple years later , a new james bond game was made . 
i bought that game too . 
well those are the people that made your loveable goldeneye ! 
get a new plot ! 
but ya . 
i mean , come on!3 . 
who the crap was the rig diver ? 
i mean , they introduce her in that big jump off scene 
the grapple was the coolest idea invented . 
i mean , who would give up of being spiderman for a game period?2 . 
i like the bot idea . 
like twine , that s the best idea 
ea came up with . 
the only thing this game is good for is multiplayer . 
i sure hope nightfire is better than this ! 
being a navy seal is a job not many can have 
so it 's cool that they make a video game about it . 
it 's realism 
but it is fun and was a little difficult 
i just got my own ps2 . 
this is the game that i got with it . 
the graphics were superior and the game speed was incredible ! ! 
i totally love it ! ! ! ! 
this is a good buy ! ! 
entrances are lackluster but the video background makes up for it . 
very well done by wwe . 
more areas have been added as well as some tweaking of the ad amp 
not a standalone product!great game and well worth picking up . 
how will keep you busy until iwd ii comes out very soon ! 
i bought it and i do admit it was fun when i first played it 
but there 's not much to the game after the first few hours . 
you start out with   20,000 or so to build your mall . 
you will be lost without completing the tutorial which is tricky . 
you build walls , entrances , atriums and of course stores . 
but once the mall is built it gets boring . 
they simply walk up to the entrance , disappear and then reappear with bags . 
i built an atm and pay phones and no one even used them . 
the game has little replay value . 
it is a cool idea but could have been a lot better . 
the one included in the game did n't help me much . 
most of the puzzles were of two types   numeric dials switches or tasks . 
the music was not memorable other than building tension in certain key scenes . 
the interface is simple   all actions are accomplished with the left mouse button . 
nancy will do a good deal of reading old newspaper clippings and journals . 
good luck and happy sleuthing ! 
unreal tournament is the benchmark of combat . 
you get to include characters and fight them in any number of fights . 
here are the problems with it though as oppossed to the computer version . 
incredible combination for action games at this price ! ! ! ..... 
there is no game like this one . 
it is easily one of the top 5 for snes . 
super smash bros . 
for the nintendo 64 is one of the best games ever made . 
it includes 8 characters from different nintendo games . 
if you own a gamecube look for super smash bros melee . 
this game is an amazing mix of the first two lotr movies . 
this game would have gotten 5 stars if it had multiplayer options . 
oh well , there 's always a sequel . 
just have to wait until next november i suppose . 
this game is so highly underrated . 
but those like me who actually played the game found a gem ! 
the graphics is just incredible . 
the controls smooth . 
the gameplay is addictive . 
i got one of these   ...   last week and its great ! 
but still   20 for argubally 
it will give you nostalgia from the old school days of video games . 
this gamepad is extremely easy to use and setup ! ! 
the precision option for the gamepad makes aiming weapons extremely easy and more accurate . 
overall worth the money for this item . 
then , if you do that , you must do everything all over again ! 
it is a very tedious game ! 
you must do the same tasks over and over again ! 
if you are looking for a long challenge , get the other zelda ! 
dialogue is well - written , often sharply humorous , and occasionally even moving . 
the cards feature is a nice touch too . 
the best feature of them all , however , is the fantasy draft option . 
louis blues line in my maple leafs uniform . 
and then there 's the graphics , which could n't be sharper . 
the commentary is also worth noting . 
if you have any interest in hockey , this is an essential own . 
however , gta3 has changed all that . 
every car is jackable , everyone is robbable and every cop is watching you .... 
that 's a pretty brief description but it touches the theme . 
no spoilers ... 
you have to see for yourself.reason 3   the gameplay is very intuitive . 
very cool . 
same went for the cars . 
i did n't notice it because i was so used to playing . 
brilliant!reason 4   the ambiance is amazing . 
every character walking around will utter something that fits their personality . 
the cops scream at you to get down and all that cop jazz . 
pimps proposition you to check out their   merchandise   .... 
this is actually seconded by the radio in this game . 
there 's even a talk station . 
the music is actually really good . 
it 's hilarious and absolutely perfect!like 
oh yeah ... and 
yes , you can do that . 
i ' m going to stop writing and go play some more . 
i ' ve beaten this game twice 
and it 's still not old . 
if you buy a ps2 , you have to buy this game . 
you will not regret it . 
the original power cord got wet when my daughter spilled a drink on it . 
luckily , this power cord worked perfectly . 
and it got here super fast . 
if you did n't have to pay 9 bucks a month for it . 
go find the original unopened and a dreamcast . 
it 's free and basicaly the same expierience . 
the 9 dollar fee is totaly uncalled for and not worth it . 
skip this game . 
it 's great but 
not 9 bucks a month great . 
keep your pirates happy so they can go a plundering . 
sadly both shipments had a non - functioning chronotrigger disk . 
amazon was unable to replace it . 
what can i say ? 
this game is fun and funny at the same time . 
from mario flying around with the magic caps to mario burning his   ...   
cheeks on the hot lava , this game is great ! 
my only problem with this game is the freakin camera angles ! ! ! 
at least , that 's what people say . 
i 'll never know . 
oh well   it 's a shame 
the original gameboy advance is the best handheld ever released , without question . 
what is a plus to one person is a minus to another . 
the sp folds neatly , thus protecting the screen . 
provides a good picture over s - video and composite . 
actually a great game ! 
it works just fine for me and my aunt save 10 bucks . 
the sp is nt going to have seperet games for it so why bother ? 
save 10 bucks and by the advance and the set . 
it 's plot , characters , etc 
were all rehash from past ff games . 
had ff ix been ff viii 
this is one of my favorite games on dreamcast . 
choose from many great teams . 
the graphics are amazing . 
you can see the player 's eyeballs moving . 
the graphics are as good as any xbox or ps2 games . 
10 10controls 9 10fun   
9 10overall   9.3i hope that this review was helpful to you ! 
the only solution has been to uninstall and reinstall the game . 
because of this i can not recommend anyone purchase this 
perhaps this version works ? 
i am a die - hard fan of 2 and also liked 1 . 
super axel , super thumper , super slamm , and super auger from tm3 . 
why is the grim reaper of motorcycles a pirate now ? 
and not even a cool pirate , a cheezy amusement park pirate . 
well he was n't my favorite 
but i ' m certain that was a deal breaker for all mr.grimm fans . 
his special is to fire a scud into the air 
this easliy destorys the competion carmawhat , rouge who , vigilante what   ? 
one of the best zelda games . 
cool places to explore and neat items to find . 
i am not going to waste time , i hate this game ! 
i did not save often 
so i lost all the other save points 
so do n't over write just in case 
laters folks . 
the game is amazing . 
i love shodan , the plot , voice acting . 
system shock 2 is a pure gem . 
i wish someone would already make a newer version of this game . 
you found the gamecube version of blood rayne . 
voices to match the slow - motion . 
female hero   lot 's of blood   
, you just have to listen carefully - faulty controls   
sorry , gamecube fans , i love her too . 
often.so of course i bought civilization 3 the moment it was available . 
oddly , i stopped playing it after two months . 
it 's just not a very good game . 
i bought it from a store where i could return it . 
the story development was slim and roleplaying aspects non - existent . 
the second coming of hell and another dip in all 
it was simple to the point of being idiotic . 
guns and ammo are way too hard to find otherwise . 
i gave this game one more shot at recapturing my interest in the series . 
what do i mean ? 
well , you have the   quot switch hunting quot   type plot . 
i hate switch hunting . 
plus there are some pretty good sound and great graphics . 
you 'll be surprised how much you 'll want to play this game . 
rockstar tried to give its fans a good game . 
they sure as heck succeeded . 
but they did n't just make good.theymade 
final fantasy vii has the absolute best storyline in an rpg . 
i just love this game so much ! 
however , he is a good dragon . 
definitely get this if you 're a fan of capcom rpgs . 
there 's little left to the imagination with the midtown madness series . 
, this is a game 
i ' m happy to have in my collection . 
it is n't perfect , but it 's good enough . 
and for ten bucks , what the hey?all i can say is wow . 
i ' ve ever bought.out of the box 
, you get tons of levels and gameplay modes . 
put bluntly , this game never gets old . 
i only have a few . 
two , i wish there were more character models to use . 
addressed this by having tons of models to choose from . 
this is even more prominent in ut2k3 . 
check the bargain software section at your local store . 
this could very well be the finest fps ever designed . 
man i love 
it was like the best b ball game i ever playedso 
it is a must - have . 
so on . 
the game is quite laggy online , but is fine on lan . 
the maps are set on places such as islands , etc . 
overall i see why battle field 1942 won multiplayer game of the year ! 
i seriously recommend this game ... 
this game allows you to go on holiday whenever you want . 
choose from a different selection of clothing and items . 
no need to pay for it it pays for itself . 
soooooooo ace . 
go for the quick steal or block the shot to make up any deficit . 
this was the first basketball game i remember playing over and over again . 
play 4 quarters of basketball . 
quarters range from 5mins to a half hour ! 
that 's right 
you could possibly score up to 300 points in this game . 
the regular rules of the nba apply here . 
the only difference in the rules are offensive fouls . 
if committed the other team gets to shoot free throws . 
however in 1 player mode you can not use the boston frogs . 
also gameplay is limited . 
that 's it . 
so without friends you could burn out on this pretty quickly . 
the game also features some awesome cutaway scenes . 
this game is a master piece it 's great . 
when it first came out i thought it was gon na be alright . 
they borrowed this from san andreas the gang wars and fight for territory . 
quot sound   quot   quot difficulty   good but could be better . 
it places you on d - day 
and then it 's killing galore . 
plus multiplayer mode   but not xbox live . 
however , you can still get killed by friendly bombs . 
the sound in the xbox version is just incredibly realistic . 
you got ta play this version to immense yourself in it . 
you immediately forget you are a gamer   
it suddenly feels like you are actually in the middle of a battle . 
yes , that 's how real it gets . 
ya got ta lot it ! 
pure , unadulterated violence . 
my kinda game . 
the   save anywhere   feature is a blessing . 
overall , i enjoyed this prehistoric game . 
oh yeah , stay away from   no one lives forever . 
that game wreaks . 
oh well ! 
it 's about stealth and planning , not running in with guns blazing . 
and that 's cool . 
the action replay does work on the wii but its only for gamecube games . 
sometimes the wii resets its self because of the disk but nothing bad . 
this does not damage gamecubes or wiis . 
the ar is preloaded with all available codes . 
its easy to use also.ignore the bad comments they did'nt read the package right . 
probably the best game ever made for super nintendo . 
the masks are very cool and the notebook you get is a nice addition . 
no n64 gamer should not miss out on this one . 
short version   graphics   
4.5 sound   4.4 control   4.7 fun factor   
4.8 total   4.6 
yeah , we all know that sega has stopped making dreamcasts . 
which is a pity , because this console is so good ! 
i have a ps2 and a dreamcast . 
they sit side by side in my room . 
bear something in mind , though . 
if you like fighting games , a dreamcast is a must - own . 
jet set radio , shenmue , crazy taxi 2 , and so forth . 
rayman 2 is a good example of this . 
shenmue is spectacular looking no matter what you stack it against . 
, you owe it to yourself to buy this console . 
remember , once they 're gone , that 's it . 
nicely done litech ! 
after a slow start , the story gets interesting . 
from graphics to sound , this game has it all . 
value for price ? 
let alone this well done . 
9 aside ... 
the most fun part about the gameplay of course is the tactical aspects . 
sorry ff7 rabids . 
you need a brain for this . 
and it 's done . 
it 's the scaling encounters . 
first off i dislike random encounters . 
they ruin immersion for me . 
second , i like leveling up to actually you know . 
he did really well until the final levels to get to clockwerk 
and then he needed mommy to step in a help him out some . 
it was a blast and worth every penny 
i first tried playing this single player , and was not impressed at all . 
amazing graphics , detail and fun combat are in every nook of this game . 
while not as good as its predecessor 
it is still a very entertaining game with memorable characters and a grand journey . 
ok i am judging this game on the other turok games.turok 
decent not fantastic   
multi-player.this game is nothing like them at all . 
lame!!!what happened to all the big huge bosses like in the previous turok games ? 
the boss in this one is small and stupid looking and easy . 
all the bosses are . 
definitely rent first do n't buy without trying . 
i ca nt figure out why some other reviewer said they were cool 
, they are lame 
the n64 is one of the best systems ever 
but it also had a short lived history . 
i mean they could have come up with wayyyyyy more games 
the gamecube did n't have much launch games but n64 did . 
and it could have 
but in the end the ps beat it . 
but make no mistake about . 
the n64 launched some pretty amazing games . 
hell some of the best games ever created . 
but it ai nt ' no dreamcast 
i can tellz ya 
get it!!it rules!lates 
why do i say what i do for my headline . 
i think it 's true . 
this game is   obviouly   not for young children . 
it has some pretty salty language and lots of violence . 
too much blood 
but that 's not a complaint . 
graphically and soundwise it 's great stuff . 
this thing definitely appeals to the more mischievious and darker side of people . 
want a car ? 
go grab one . 
somebody cussed you out on the freeway ? 
you can totally disintegrate their car . 
any act of vehicular mayhem is possible . 
call me sick 
to make a long story short 
it could definitely and easily be classified as a   quot guilty pleasure quot . 
that 's why i like it so much . 
give it a try . 
who knows ? 
you might like it too . 
if not , that 's your right too . 
this the beginning , was my introduction to the sims game way back when . 
i was playing this game for hours a day . 
there is plenty to unlock though not always easy . 
its still one of my favorite games to had been released on the gamecube . 
in some ways better , in some ways not . 
once again , link goes out to save the world . 
it certainly adds more strategy to the game . 
also , link can use magic spells . 
at first i had the hardest time because the shadow mirrors your every move . 
so much for the ever - so - difficult ending boss . 
very fun to play as your favorite characters . 
finally , a close combat game that features the invasion of normandy . 
thank goodness , the easiest setting really means easy in this one . 
basically just has new missions , maps and various other minor features . 
that does n't mean i do n't like it . 
i love it . 
this is definetly the best close combat yet . 
oh man , i love this game . 
i have beaten it 2 times already!graphics 11 10   beautiful and creative ! 
eye candy at best!sound music   
10 10   sound effects are pretty good , and the music is very catchy.gameplay 
10 10   
it 's an rpg . 
the battle system is unique , using little hp . 
mario has a huge arsenel of moves ! 
you can collect badges and make mario stronger and aqurie more moves . 
there are also characters who help you in battle . 
there are a lot of sidequests and a lot of things to discover!challange   
5 10   if you 're looking for a challange , look elsewere . 
that 's hard!a great , underrated game . 
this game is incredible with addictive multiplayer and single player modes . 
lots of goodies to unlock will keep you coming back ! 
well , not anymore . 
how 'bout several games that you want to unlock everything for ? 
well , what are you waiting for ! 
it 's as simple as that . 
i was disappointed by the most of the reviews and forums about halo . 
they all said that it does not live up to the hype ... 
they were so wrong . 
a true next - gen game for the true next - gen game console . 
game.no game is perfect , so halo does have some issues of its own . 
they are quite minor and some might not even find them while playing . 
first , the multi - player levels could have been a lot better . 
maybe on the first level   you only fight indoors there   your   quot 
, you need to get a better tv for your xbox , chump . 
there is a lot more about ai that i did n't mention 
- you have to see it for yourself ! 
all of the weapons can be used to do a melee attack . 
you will never want to let go of it . 
you get numerous game mods and even co - op play . 
9 10graphics and sound   10 10 playability   9.5 10fun factor   
10 10overall   
those of you who do not see it 
xbox is nothing without halo . 
it will be unreal championship ... 
i like this game but its not really fun its kinda boring . 
its really confusing the game 
when you die you have too start over 
but i do nt think you can press save . 
the story is about average as far as rpg 's go . 
some games are trial and error when it comes to learning the battle system . 
talk about rough . 
you can easily spend 50 to 80 hours on this game.if 
you love rpg 's , do yourself a favor and check this out . 
yes , its 7 years old now , but who cares . 
i still love playing rpg 's from the 8bit and 16bit era . 
this review will be cut very short . 
gameplay is ok . 
it gets boring after a while . 
now he 's out to take on the world . 
. version of final fight 2 , the answer is yes . 
star fox is a game of strategy for me . 
you have to focus a lot or else you can not beat it . 
i like the endings of levels too.multi-player can support 4 player action . 
best used with rumble pak ! 
improvement in gameplay leads to more insanity and insanity is good .    
would n't it be cool to play with the boss the abyss 
it 's   inexpensive .. 
so it 's a great bang for the buck game . 
you must head for mental 's fortress and save the world from his reign . 
there are seven new foes in the sequel . 
do n't worry , there are also new weapons available to help you out ... 
still do n't think you can handle it ? 
there are three new power ups too . 
these include invulnerability , serious speed shoes and serious damage . 
you can play tourist , easy , normal , hard and serious . 
happy blasting ! 
you only have one model to choose from for single player . 
in multiplayer mode you have five models . 
there is one map available and that is sierra de chiapas . 
there are three modes of game play . 
you can do co - op , score match or frag match . 
you are not   hurting   humans unless they are already headless 
, it 's mostly aliens . 
there are three executables regular , safe mode , and 3dfx compatible . 
the game is easy to set up and configure with it 's options menu . 
the default controls are wasd and mouse for moving . 
the number keys and scroll wheel select your weapons . 
the graphics were very smooth and the enemies are detailed . 
i like the movie scenes when you get near a boss . 
the sounds effects and voice acting were equally good . 
sam has his normal silly phrases like   look ma ! 
i ' m a lumber jack ! 
.. the background music was fitting and the boss music is cool . 
the game play , graphics and price will not disappoint you . 
just do n't have a queasy stomach or get offended by barely clothed harpies . 
i absolutly love this game . 
it is the best game ever made . 
if i could only have one game , i would want this one . 
there are so meny great things about this game . 
for one thing , the graphics are great and the realizum is outstanding . 
i love the weapons you can resive . 
when ever i tern on my ps2 , i want to play this game . 
it is very adictive . 
many remember the blockbuster smash hit by capcom that was devil may cry . 
it was challenging , fast and most of all , cool . 
the game rated you on how   cool   
the game has lost the appeal and style that made the original so great . 
now it seems that the gun and sword are impossible to use ! 
this is done when you jump twice and fire your pistols . 
however , dante will do this no matter what , which is frustrating . 
so you 're stuck with firing your weapon and praying it hits the enemy . 
and there is n't much fun to standing in one place firing your weapon 
blindly.the stupid auto - aim and new moves leave dante vulnerable alot . 
i 'll tell you why , the enemies are morons . 
i seriously could just stand still for 55 seconds   
i timed it   with about 9 enemies around me and not get hit ! 
all they seem to do in this version is stand around and bark . 
it 's not even funny . 
in the origional dmc the bosses were memorable . 
then you forget them forever . 
i am disapointed on how dante changed . 
please -- i suggest you save your money and just keep the original game ! 
it had all the gore , fighting , adventure you 'd want . 
he said it 's another to add to his collections of super good games ! 
i will never forget the first time i played this game . 
the second realm is underwater , and you 'll spend the whole time swimming . 
and it 's a big puzzle as far as how to get there . 
it was worth it for the scenery alone . 
just press r2 , over and over and over . 
by the end of the final boss battle 
i though the middle finger on my right hand was going to fall off . 
ah yes , the legendary metal gear solid series . 
i won   
8217 s field of vision . 
but in some areas , the radar gets jammed and you won   
8217 t get too used to it . 
i tried some practice rounds . 
so i decided to try the special modes . 
a great buy , and more than its worth . 
thank you so much 
this is one of those games . 
you do n't just go around firing guns at everything . 
it 's seriously like 2 or 3 feet long that 's it . 
it could be good if you want a short wire 
it is also really short , and a little challenging in some parts . 
but when you learn the gameplay , it becomes really easy . 
this is a really fun game . 
this game is incredibly addictive . 
the same great gameplay is back , only highly refined and expanded 5 times . 
the final showdown with diablo is 10 times better than the original . 
this game has the most replay value of any rpg ever . 
first , it is actually fun to play over and over . 
you are basically getting a mmorpg for free , without the monthly fee . 
incredibly simple . 
the levels are well designed and are beautifully colored . 
the boss battles are a blast and the mini - games are rewarding . 
the music is even cool in it 's own unique way . 
this game definitely lives up its hype . 
all the pros described by the other reviewers are absolutely true . 
i ' m amazed that nobody has pointed this out yet . 
maybe ea purposely tries to save him for vol.3 ? 
if so , this is very sick ! 
and you 'll realize how far the series has come . 
homm 4 had a totally different feel from the third installment . 
i also love the addition of a caravan . 
but there are some bad aspects . 
the graphics , while 3d and more realistic , seem to have lost something . 
i can not exactly say what 
but i prefered the more fantasy looking creatures of homm 3 . 
castle seiges have also been taken down a notch in homm4 . 
there are no arrow towers , catapults , etc in seige battles . 
a must buy for heroes fans craving new adventures ! 
, you will need 100 peasants to create them . 
mines have worker limits that increase with each upgrade and farming is pleasantly efficient . 
but this is good ! ! 
all fighting games have a basic concept strategy ! ! ! ! ! 
it 's definitely worth a play laterzzzz folk    gamers .......... 
why does this game still end up getting reviews years later ? 
be careful . 
it may just change you in various ways . 
it 's a terrific work , and will stay with you forever . 
get it now ! 
unreal 2 is n't much different from its predecessor in most ways . 
most importantly , there 's no multiplayer- 
it seems atari expects you to get unreal tournament 2003 if you want that . 
as for the game itself , you 're marshal john dalton . 
if you do n't like that , too bad- 
he 's all the player there is . 
some allow you to command marines or place turrets to mow down enemies . 
the locations you visit are varied , interesting , and exquisitely detailed . 
but you 're also tougher than you were in the old unreal . 
remember all the time you wasted playing mario bros on your nintendo ? 
live those days all over again with jak   amp   daxter . 
the graphics associated with the powerups are also very well done . 
i really can not give too much praise to the games artistic design . 
the spatially - oriented sound helps provide for excellent immersion.the gameplay remains nothing new . 
, so one gets used to it . 
scrabble has been one of the most educational and challenging board games ever made . 
it is just plan sad that it has n't happened yet . 
it may be nostalgia , but i freaking love this game . 
i mean even the credits are awesome . 
only has two syllables in it . 
if you have your doubts about it , try renting it . 
simply put , this game is awesome . 
graphics - great . 
tracks - great . 
tricks - great . 
go buy this game . 
buy buy buy buy buy buy buy ! ! 
as a child , i played many hours of    34 f - zero   
once you get around to all the seasons it gets kind of boring 
but it is still an awesome game . 
every season there are plenty of activites for you to do . 
there is an igloo where you can play different games to win stuff . 
then in the other seasons it just switches activities . 
the store also becomes bigger after a while . 
you can deposit money into the bank to save . 
you can design your house however you want . 
i have all the musical instruments in mine like the guitar and pianos . 
you can even get and play nes games whitch are awesome . 
i spend a lot of time playing those because there so fun . 
then you get a new member . 
you can either sell them or eat them . 
you can either sell it or give it to the museum for nothing . 
just shows a shadow . 
kind of get boring righting the same letter to the fossil place every time . 
i kind of got bored of playing this version 
but i will buy the next one when it comes out becuase 
i was satisfied with this game . 
very good game ! ! 
overall 9 10 
do n't get me wrong , tm   
b is a fun game , but only for a while . 
those people would be right . 
however , this is an incredible game nonetheless . 
, i ' m not entirely sure this would be the game for you . 
if you are , however , then have no hesitation picking up this game . 
, there is a very interesting story line . 
you can choose your path and maintain your crewship and everything . 
hands down , this is in my top 5 favorite . 
yes    name    
can i get fries with that order ?     
it is also difficult to get it to run on modern day os . 
this is a great game . 
for a   19.99 game it has great grafics . 
2 missles blow your plane up . 
if you like combat flight simulators you will probably like ace combat 4 . 
damn it this game rules big time 
i ' ve have this game for about 12 years 
there are two settings for the pack , low and high . 
after eu i can not say that anymore . 
deep breath    
all right ... now about the gameplay . 
let me just comment on the diplomacy model . 
so , you want your country to be protestant ? 
count them out of your group of friends . 
, you 're england 
and you have to deal with the   quot scottish problem . 
do you just go in and burn them out ? 
they have powerful allies who will go to war with you if you do . 
wait a while and invite them into a military alliance with you . 
wait a little longer and make them a vassal of england . 
wait still longer and eventually you can annex them into england . 
i look back and see that i ' ve written a lot . 
friends , this is just the tip of a large iceberg . 
very large . 
titanic - sinker large . 
buy this game . 
buy a lot of mountain dew and doritos . 
this game is average . 
it is a pretty fun sim . 
i played it for about a month straight . 
you get to make your dream theme park . 
but all and all this game is fun . 
i can not stress enough how good this game is . 
i own 3 copies because i have lost discs over the years . 
the story is the best part . 
the graphics and cut scenes are gorgeous . 
the music goes perfect . 
the love story really pulls you in . 
love this game ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
quot   quot   
quot turn the lights on ! 
quot   during the first level . 
what a murky morass . 
that was my first rpg experience and an experience it was . 
also , he has the sickest ultimate limit break i ' ve ever seen . 
there is no middle ground i think on this game . 
you either do love it , or ya hate it . 
i ' m down with the former . 
happening.the story is decent   not incredibly intriguing but certainly not bad . 
a map is provided , but it still can be very frustrating . 
ghost dogs of moon lake   has nothing particularly outstanding about it . 
this is one of the best games out there , it 's a classic . 
her brother and his pal kazooie have to save her . 
while the game does have it 's flaws its still really fun to play . 
the game essentially is very easy next to its sequel game , banjo tooie . 
the level that is the most challenging of them all was click clock wood . 
that is the most challenging part of this game . 
you will not regret it . 
first off the install is horribly botched . 
you have to install it . 
after that you get to the online registration for vue . 
this turns out to be bogus , marketing fluff 
not the game registration 
but you do n't learn that until later . 
it was n't until a lot of hassle later i learned otherwise . 
best of any game to date , period . 
the in - game character interactions are the best ever done . 
the initial mystery wears off real fast . 
but then you get more levels of the same . 
it is a gorgeous looking sounding game with an ok story and average gameplay . 
it blows doom 3 away 
but i think far cry still had more interesting story levels . 
it is the sequel to soul caliber for the sega dreamcast . 
many want the sword for its great power . 
the current wielder of it is a mysterious black - armored knight named nightmare . 
he found soul edge , but gradually it took over his body . 
however , the broken fragments of the sword have shown up in many places . 
some want it to use to destroy their enemies . 
some want it for the power it brings . 
the weapons can give that little boost needed for victory . 
the higher the cost of the weapon , the better it is . 
this game is responsible for the most fulfilling fighting round in any fighting game 
i ' ve ever played . 
in most games , the victor would basically be whoever bashed most first . 
however , in this game , i actually had to think about it . 
heihachi   who uses , well , gloves as his weapon . 
it gets a 10 10 . 
but these games are a must have either way . 
i ca nt stress that enough . 
this is some of the best cooperative play i have ever experienced . 
all in all , taking out terrorists with online pals is the most rewarding . 
take out some tangos with some friends online . 
do nt have any friends online ? 
its very social and ther are rarely any creeps playing cooperatively.i 
this game is awesome . 
mortal kombat is one of the best fighting games since street fighter . 
this gameis so much fun . 
if you like mortal kombat then you 'll love this game 
what a great game . 
you sould own this . 
the bad guy 's not the good ones.have fun ! ! 
so why underrated ? 
which is a complete shame since this is probably one of the best ps2 games 
it 's a fairly simplistic story   
why did they lock up ico ? 
his connection with yorda ? 
what 's with the shadows?graphics   lush , beautiful , almost ethereal . 
it sounds like a bit much for graphics 
but it 's quite true . 
it 's a nice soundtrack , 
what little you hear of it . 
what 's being said.gameplay   
the r1 button acts as your basic button for dealing with yorda . 
if she 's far away , pressing it will call her to you   
it 's nothing much but you sure feel relieved you caught her . 
, you literally get that attached . 
leave her too long and she 'll play with birds . 
it 's a wonder how quickly you get attached to her.is their faults ? 
kind of . 
the game 's fairly short 
but it 's also the right length   
it 's touching , heartwarming and when enemies start to mess with your girl 
you do n't have to write an essay on it 
and it is n't , it 's better . 
it is a very mature game - not for the little tikes . 
i find myself almost biting my lip at times playing this game . 
the suspense will have you sweating bullets . 
the voice acting , especially max 's , is also great . 
the sound is also very well - done . 
however , bullet time is limited . 
the slow - mo really adds an extra   quot wow 
quot   factor to the action sequences . 
wait until it is dark and quiet to begin playing it . 
i used to like this game alot . 
we played everyday . 
the aliens are wimpy and cheesy . 
there were some variety , but not enough .- weapon names are too obvious . 
quotes from people playing    quot 
oh , i ' m really good with the sniper rifle ! 
quot    quot shotguns are good when you want to fight somebody up close ! 
quot    quot 
you use the pistol way too much ! 
quot -vehicles were invincible . 
at least , the warthog and the tank was . 
the game probably never even reached it 's full potential thanks to the xbox . 
pc version is not any better either . 
unfortunately , this high - note seems to be as good as it gets . 
good for a rental , but not worth buying . 
nooooooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
and who are we blaming for 
i did n't use the special move button much - to be honest 
i think ? 
and i liked playing as cody ? 
he looked good in those jeans ! 
this ai n't it .   
what are those flaws ... 
well i 'll tell you . 
first off play control is a bit awkward and a bit slow . 
rouge has some great animation , but she needs to haul it . 
enemies will crowd around you . 
and since there is no defense you 're toast . 
the sound is terrible . 
tiny punches and   quot 
arrgghh quot   when you die . 
given game boy advances sound potential .. someone messed up . 
the bosses you encounter are unlocked once you beat them . 
they are only available via the gamelink . 
great marketing , poor programing . 
what 's good about it . 
the graphics are great . 
the x - men have great animation and the characters are nicely detailed . 
and even with its short comings the game is still fun . 
it 's the x - men . 
you play a space marine named john dalton . 
the alien artifacts are believed to be parts of a super weapon . 
everyone wants the weapon , including power hungryaliens . 
everything in this game is just average . 
the voice acting is terrible . 
a great game 
and i am glad it is finally starting to get the recognition it deserves . 
i was scared shitless . 
way better graphics , i think there 's a new gun or two . 
also try re really good graoutbreak for ps 2 . 
phics and surviving with 3 other people makes it fun , but less scary . 
anyway , re 1   
revised   is a great thriller shooter for the gamecube . 
5 5 stars.p.s.- ... 
what 's there to say ? 
halo 's a first person shooter . 
which means that from a first person perspective   mostly , you shoot stuff . 
the covenant soldiers , your fellow inhabitants on halo , will outflank you . 
they will chase you . 
not so on the xbox . 
the closer you get , the better things look . 
almost all the time , things look realistic , smooth , and believable . 
titanic   adventure out of time .   
i have played it a numberless amount of times . 
you name it . 
so you can familiarize yourself with the ship before you play the game.the characters 
there are live actors in this game , instead of computer - animated characters . 
once you get the hang of them , you can move very quickly . 
however , if there are newer versions , this might be cleared up . 
this game is so much fun ! 
it 's strange to think a game like this would be so enjoyable.basically 
and i ' ve put in at least 200 hours into this game.if 
you have some time to kill each day and you 're a casual gamer 
then this game is just for you . 
i understand where you feel what you feel . 
r t a l 
i just thought he was wrong , myself . 
how can you complain ? 
do n't be fooled , this game is worthy . 
be happy with this updated version , and it could have been much worse . 
mortal kombat   
a good game ? 
yes . is   
mortal kombat   bloody ? 
hell , yes .   
this gives it something other fighter - type games do n't necessarily have . 
the most funniest voice over provided is tom wilson . 
you will not be dissapointed by some of the missions . 
that is all hazard team member , dismissed ! 
i felt ripped - off . 
i love civ iii , but this add - on is total trash . 
nothing to it . 
it is not worth even a dime ! ! ! 
2,000 wtfh lady 
and i save   400 big deal 
i can get it for   20 used here    
seriously lady take it down its not worth the time or effort ! 
and i mean you annie may ! 
but i ' m waiting!that 's the summary . 
some of the things i like about emperor follow.1 . 
highest control of   walkers . 
in the earlier games like caesar you could go bonkers distributing food etc . 
to your residents because of the random nature of the characters distributing the food . 
in emperor , you have roadblocks and gates . 
intensely interesting historical background . 
each campaign is a different chinese era . 
in the beginning your food types , metal types , etc . are limited . 
intricacies include handling multiple food types to satisfy your common and your elite residents . 
this at first drives you batty 
but then you begin to catch on . 
intricacies also include dealing with other cities as allies , enemies , trade partners . 
... sometimes you keep on trading with another city all while you sabotage 
fight each other . 
hey , it 's business ... 
machiavelli would have understood ! 
note   at the   easy   level 
it 's quite ... 
this is a game i wo nt forget . 
another one of square softs rpg but certainly not one of there best . 
red , blue , asellus , riki , tz60 g , lute and emelia . 
varying from mage , to robot and even a couple of just plain fighters . 
one of its strongest points is the combo 's your characters can do . 
this is a good game . 
so you do n't become sick of it . 
hell yes ! 
well , that depends . 
taken in the context of being a game , it is very realistic . 
and in that context , it 's a first - rate fps . 
it 's immersive , addictive , gorgeous , and sounds great too . 
i ' m playing it on an athlon 1.2 ghz . 
system with a 32 mb geforce 2 video card and 256 mb system ram . 
i experienced some difficulty getting it running at first . 
i ' m about two - thirds of the way through the game . 
actually , there is some phenomenal level design throughout the entire game . 
do n't get me wrong . 
i really liked rtcw , but it pales a bit compared to moh . 
both games suffer from linearity , but wolfenstein 's linearity is worse . 
a classic fps . highly recommended . 
in the original dragon warrior , the hero was on his own . 
well i ' m gon na be honest here . 
when i first played this game i did n't really like it 
and i was starting to think that i should have bought ssx tricky .... 
i still play this game every day 
and it is like 2 months later ! ... 
, you have an acrobatic puzzle solver with some 3rd person fighting ... 
that was a huge mistake 
oh well ... 
sure this guy is big , but the level of control is fantastic . 
only complaint is that the d - pad is slightly stiff . 
it has surpassed the dualshock2 as my favorite game controller . 
this game sets the standards for fps on consoles . 
there is no ending , it 's as simple as that . 
this is a trend that keeps showing up . 
game programmers , please give us players the closure and fulfillment to your games . 
that alludes to the third flaw . 
way too short . 
really , i have seen plenty of ps1 games that are longer than this .... 
the graphics and sounds and game play are fluid and top notch . 
the multiplayer is fun but a bit limited . 
that 's how good it still is . 
this game is a few steps away from being a classic . 
i can not wait to see what comes in the wake of this game . 
zelda will leave you amazed . 
where to begin ? 
i should get the technical aspects out of the way first . 
there 's also no information in the game that tells you that you can use 
it 's not enough to hinder the game , i 
, you got ta watch and pay attention . 
do that until you learn a new song . 
that 's a good place to stop . 
save with the song of time . 
play until you ' ve discovered the new weapon located inside the temple . 
save with the song of time . 
come back with your new weapon and finish the temple . 
save with the song of time , again . 
if it sounds tedious , it really is n't . 
so , it sorta is . 
plus , you ever wish you could kill ghoma with biggoron 's sword ? 
the owl statue saves are only temporary . 
, that 's it . 
took longer than i expected . 
there 's not much else to say . 
lately there 's been a discussion of whether videogames could ever be art . 
to me there was never any doubt in my mind . 
what is link if not a computer generated sculpture that moves ? 
it 's a castle , but it does n't look like anybody lives there . 
what 's arty about that ? 
they have stories . 
they have concerns . 
the moon is falling , but that might not be their only problem . 
they used to be happy , but now they 're not . 
the guy at the bomb shop loves his mother . 
it can be a satisfying feeling . 
you make other people happy and it makes you happy in return . 
you can not put people or your created wrestlers in stables2 . 
you can not have your manager come out with you3 . 
one of the best games i have ! 
other than that , it 's fast . 
graphics are the best yet . 
fun game ! must have even if your not into snowboarding . 
go get it now ! 
this is a game only for members of the tomb raider fanatics club . 
if you remove all the hyperbole and wishful thinking . 
the game 's clipping problems and crazy camera angles made things even worse . 
i would hope this will be fixed in the patch . 
you do n't       with someone if they wield a rocket launcher . 
not come at you full force , they die every time . 
i am impressed by them all the same . 
you know you get a wrench in the back of the head . 
or worse usually worse . 
i have little to complain about here , only some of the ai 
but it is still the best fps in existance today .   
, i was completely wrong . 
baldur 's gate is a hugely popular rpg series for the pc . 
again , console port . 
really , you 're playing gauntlet . 
you run around hacking up barrels and crates in your friend 's cellar . 
is this exactly the nicest thing to do ? 
you hack at rats and enemies , look for things in barrels . 
yes , you get into lever - pulling and puzzles . 
the guys in the game are all pudgy and uninteresting . 
but the girls ! 
everyone i showed the game to was mesmerized by them.and playing the female sorceress character 
and she 's doing this in beach - wear??still 
, the game was campy fun , and definitely draws you in . 
i highly recommend buying these memory cards . 
with this memory card , it does exactly as you 'd expect it to . 
i purchased mine at under 5 dollars 
but it indeed is a excellent game . 
and it is a very player - oriented game . 
you need is clearly shown on the neat control panel . 
only pure explore and direct quest . 
you know what you are doing now ! 
, oh my finger aches ... 
then you 'll love incredible crisis . 
you do all this because you 're chasing a hottie   
while all this sounds fun it 's harder than it should be . 
and you have lives as well.some games are just impossible to pass . 
if you can handle this then ic is a super fun game . 
tetris represents a pinnacle of human imagination and integrity . 
for me , this game was actually therapeutic , and still is . 
think about it . 
contemplate it . 
but , the controls are clunky . 
the game is short , and rediculously easy . 
this game is incrediable ! 
the hardest part is aiming . 
special air service   s.a.s . 
game was created by an s.a.s . 
commando that served in desert storm . 
itis sooo good . 
trust me ! 
everytime i go to my friends ' house , we play mvc2 . 
it 's become part of our lives ... 
part of our genetic makeup ... 
part of our being . 
will we ever sell it ? 
maybe for a million bucks . 
this one 's not for everyone . 
that being said , neither is the tekken or gran turismo series . 
the cone lined kudos 
races-- are extremely unforgiving . 
there are only so many goodies they can reward you with . 
no more complaining about lame videogame music or anything like that . 
monster rancher 3 is quirky , great looking , and a ton of fun . 
the tactics you 'll find the most success with are dependent on your monsters . 
so blurry and pretty much unplayable . 
burnout 3 takedown was really atrocious especially with all the speed . 
3 takedown which was unplayable with composite ... 
now it looks amazing with component . 
bright , crisp images even with super speed of the game . 
burnout 3 does 480p and does 16 9 so it looked really nice . 
tried 6 games and i was very impressed with picture quality . 
i may just buy some old cheap ps2 games now . 
i am using large 46   lcd 
now i can chuck out my tube tv and composite a v cable . 
some people say that it does n't work with y pb pr ? ! 
well , this does work with y pb pr on my samsung 
lcd.everybody with a ps2 should definitely use component a v cable with their hdtv .... 
huge difference compared to composite a v cable . 
get kicked into raymans now crazy world as you fight all sorts of characters . 
all the butt whup in one small game , 
i recommend this game , but , it can get   sigh   depressing . 
this is my favorite game . 
arguably , he was a true giant during the genesis days . 
all in all this is truly a game for the record books . 
sonic mega collection is one well worth the twenty bucks spent . 
it 's a fun , but simple game . 
the environments are beautifully detailed and the action is quite smooth . 
it is short game , but so are most . 
this game rocks ! 
good graphics , and music . 
the waves and weather conditions are really realistic . 
you can either race or have trick compeditions . 
2p is even more fun . 
makes the gba an ingenious sequel to our favorite portable console . 
i like most of this game esp . 
so do nt worry this game is awsome ! ! ! 
burnout is definitely not worth buying . 
even a rental is n't quite warranted . 
if you drive just one lap of a race , you get the idea . 
there 's really not that much more to get out of it . 
get more points by sliding around corners ? 
even this is dull in burnout . 
let 's invoke crashes on the highway at 150 mph ... 
let 's see some damage on the cars where it happens ... 
very great port of a very great game ... 
it controlled for me fine ! 
it is only lacking the extreme battle mode ... 
evil 2 's 
if you liked parappa the rapper - buy this game ! 
you 'll love it . 
do nt blink ! 
by the time you open your eyes the game will be over . 
great graphics , great story line , and of course great fun . 
in this one , you were investigating a parasite known as 
x , when your suit gets infected . 
you unlock or recoup functions of your suit as you progress through the game . 
definitely worth the five hours it took me to to beat it . 
i ' m playing   ' metroid zero mission ' next 
as the title says , my opinions of this game are a mixed bag . 
i liked this game , but i wanted to love it . 
when you first meet him , he is a genuniely interesting character . 
, not really doing much or saying anything . 
and that 's just what i got - for a while , anyway . 
i underestimated how fun this game can actually be ! 
you can even pick up hookers to increase your health . 
needless to say , this is definitely an adult - oriented item . 
that 's legal anyway . 
i 'll be getting that one soon myself . 
contrary to what others may say , gv 's controls are not terrible . 
what the doomsayers mean is that the controls are unfamiliar . 
that is the sign of inspired game design . 
the best part of the graphics , however , are the levels themselves . 
getting   s   rankings on all missions 
will take some time as well ! 
gems like this are becoming precious few . 
my son is going to do this review   
hi my name is andrew and i am 12 years old . 
this game is the coolest racing game to ever hit gba . 
as you fight and race your way to the finish line ! 
as you race you will be able too pick up weapons like    
once you have a weapon you can shoot it at your target ! 
you have to be in 4th or under place to get to the next level 
but that is only if you are playing for a trophy . 
my favorite people to play as are yoshi , luigi , and toad 
and i use other people to play too . 
remember this is a fun racing action game it is really fun ! 
age of empires 1 and 2 were incredible games with great graphics and gameplay . 
the gorgeous intro video is classic . 
but they do a good job with the sounds.the cultures you choose from 
are egyptian , greek , and norse . 
at each stage in development you choose a new additional god to pray to which 
gives you access to new powers . 
and those three cultures have very few gods . 
purchased age of mythology with our own funds from a gaming store . 
relive your youth on that glorious hd tv . 
however this one   and iwd part one   was the least fun . 
by stupid   stuff   
and in some cases took a really long time . 
d   engine before moving on to neverwinter nights or something else . 
if not for that this game would ' ve been great . 
and the games still have great graphics . 
thanks toys r'us ! 
this game is the black sheep of the franchise . 
you may love it . 
you may hate it . 
pokemon sapphire another pokemon game to the pokemon franchise . 
this game and its counter part ruby are nearly identical . 
there is nothing about this game that i like . 
the camera is annoying , the controls clumbsy and the music uniteresting . 
the monsters were unimaginitive and the weapons pretty typical . 
i have n't played it since . 
i wish i could give it zero stars . 
this game is so tight ! 
i had a really good time playing through it . 
i ahve no problems with the memory card ! ! ! ! 
it works great , it 's sony 
this is not a game , ! ! 
it 's good , clean , classic fun 
and it 's worth a look . 
this is in no way a bad thing , just something to consider 
it has an amazing storyline that they should make a movie out of . 
overral - just a great game to play ! 
i love this game ! 
i had so much fun playing with my kids . 
it 's like a board game with a lot of interesting challenges 
and it 's just plain good fun . 
you can learn it as you go . 
unlike other game cube games , this one did not make me dizzy . 
playing mario party 4 is like being in an amusement park . 
this game is perfect for 8 to 15 year olds in my opinion . 
pros 1 . 
this game is exactly like being in the middle of a star trek episode . 
actually , i would have liked the game to be a lot longer . 
truthfully , i would have liked the game never to end ... 
play this game first with zero before you get mega man zero . 
i wish capcom offered something different besides mega man having zero saber . 
one general word of advice . 
a few high profile failures have tried this ,   anarchy online anyone ? . 
the problem with random dungeons is just that ........ 
the whole game seems random . 
in its tenure , the n64 had its share of bad games . 
it 's unfortunate that other game publishers did n't work this hard . 
it 's always good to have the hard copy 
on - line gaming is unbelievable . 
i ' m not joking . 
i play nfl2k1 all the time and i experience lag a lot . 
my friend uses the controller . 
he seems to have no problem . 
it takes a little more time to just get used to it .   
quot auto aim quot   makes it easier . 
i have a lot of fun playing this game . 
i ' m not kidding   
so you head forward to explore around the area . 
the characters in this game are n't 
the voice acting is ok but not great . 
even if you play offline u need an xbox live account 
the graphics and songs are very cute and the gameplay has a cute concept . 
personally , the cooking is my favorite part . 
overall , this game is amazing . 
you may say it 's one of the best made . 
graphics are great . 
it 's just a bunch of polygons   yawn . 
if you were wanting a multiplayer jak , you could do better . 
i liked the game . 
it had the same control as other ps1 games . 
i would compare it to the other mortal kombat games . 
save your game , go live your life and come back to it later . 
and you can not object to what you do n't hear . 
not effectively anyway . 
and i then uninstalled the game and got rid of it . 
wow , i was pleasantly surprised first of all . 
i purchased the game 
i love wolverine i love the x - men . 
this is the best related game i have played on a consol . 
but the graphics could have been much better   
they actually look like nintendo 64   
i like the storyline 
you owe money to tom nook 
i recently picked up this title after reading several favorable reviews . 
to sum it up i have not been disappointed . 
there are several themes available   jungle , etc .   
and the gameplay becomes intuitive 
the coaster design system is fairly simple to pick up on . 
but that is also what makes it fun . 
you can even get awards for really good coasters . 
but pick it up , it 's definitely up there with ssx and madden . 
but , look closer and you can fuse together most monsters . 
i managed to create thousand dragon by fusing time wizard with any dragon ! 
later on however the duels get very tough ! 
and now i m on kaiba 
and he 's really hard!plus 
he knows about the millenium rod and says   it whispers to me . 
not very accurate game ! 
in this game , there is no tribute summons . 
that s why i m stuck ! 
kaiba summons blue - eyes straight to the field and smashes me to bits ! 
i 'd say if you saw this in the shops you should buy it ! 
and i still got it . 
i think this is another outstanding addition to the mario franchise because of one thing 
- it 's fun . 
, there are times when i think ,   quot 
wow , i ' m really gon na crank this one ... 
and we cheated by setting the set length to   quot win by 2 . 
it 's fun and addicting , and i highly recommend it . 
excellent voice acting , graphics , and controls . 
great game , mostly because of rush'n'attack .... 
the other games are not so great ..... even though they have a rich history 
finally ! ! 
anyway , there are new interactions . 
i do n't mean just simple interactions , but different choices for each interaction . 
do you get what i am sayin ' ? 
just one example of this is hug . 
there has always been a hug interaction . 
another is flirt . 
new choices for this incluse growl and check out . 
kiss also has many new types . 
one totally new interaction is   quot take home . 
otherwise , beware . 
this could end your date and possibly even your relationship . 
also , now you have a daily relationship score and a lifetime relationship score . 
daily relationship means how you feel about them that particular day . 
there are also new objects , home makers , and skins.going downtown is great . 
anyway , back to hot date . 
first let me say this is a solid game . 
the best title 
no one bought quot   
i figured . 
the tone of the game is sickly sweet . 
play it first to test you intestinal fortitude . 
it is that sweet . 
essentially you jump and pick up baddies to either use them or throw them . 
not especially breakthrough but classic . 
have seen it done better .graphics   
no faulting the title graphically . 
it is spectacular . 
you will love the graphics . 
for my money it is a step ahead of rayman . 
i really liked the graphics - just superb.sound   
oh god . 
now vomit it up . 
this is a close approximate to the music here . 
it is really bad . 
frankly it destroys the game . 
it is bad . 
which brings us to the next part ... story   equal to the music . 
i know it is a game and really who cares 
but it is notably bad . 
few games have done such a bad job of making gameplay worthwhile . 
it would not be entertaining for a 4 yr 
i have to say this is another bright spot . 
they did a good job . 
really well done.overall 
the game is good but not any kind of breakthrough . 
those that can wait should definitely rent it first . 
it is not the next sonic or mario or crash . 
definitely pick these up and save a few bucks over the more expensive cables . 
i ' m old and enjoy the old games . 
this is a very good cart for the gba . 
it plays very nice and replicates the 1980 's arcade versions very nicely . 
one of my fav games ! 
i used to play this all the time growing up from 4th grade on . 
easily one of my favorite games . 
other than that , great game , great price !   paid   43 
i downloaded the demo version and found it to be quite entertaining . 
yes , the plot is great and the game starts off really fun . 
and it has so many elements in there that make you enjoy it . 
we should n't have to . 
but apparently if you do n't do well enough in the beginning 
it 's a punishment for not being pro enough . 
there are other flaws as well . 
some very useful items for battles are not available for sale . 
the game is a great fast paced fighting game . 
morphing into animals or beast form to fight with is even better . 
there are some things i like and somethis i dislike about this game.things 
i like1 . 
awesome environments with destructable arena walls.2 . 
nice looking characters.3 . 
a variety of different fighting styles.things i dislike1 . 
not enough characters . 
how hard can it be to come up with a new character . 
i ' ve played this game on the 2 other systems also . 
both ps2 and xbox 
and they all seem to have the same characters . 
very repetitive . 
get a better selection of music.3 . 
well i do n't really have a 3rd dislike . 
i ' ve pretty much covered my dislikes .    
but a penguin ? come on . 
have been a fan of civ 3 ever since civ 1 came out . 
the graphics are awesome but there are some problems . 
you have a party of up to four characters and combat is turn based . 
this is , of course , because there is a sequel planned . 
i am looking forward to the sequel . 
this game has certainly lived up to my expectations . 
this means that other drivers will improve as you do . 
i wish this company would now move on to do an f1 sim ... 
30 40this game is a lot of ufn , but it 's not great . 
cut - scene dialogue is embarassingly bad , big surprise . 
still - sexy latex getups , gats gats gats . 
it 's nice that they finally pitched a video game at us fellas . 
incidently , i hear   bloodrayne 2   is in the works . 
if so , i ' ve got my money in . 
hell , i do n't know . 
i just had to repeat the level because it would n't let me continue.also 
, there is no giant screen where you can save . 
happen to fall through the cracks on the bonus ? 
you 're just going to have to hope you do n't die or else 
you 'll have to repeat everything . 
be nice to your children . 
haha   put the money towards something better . 
everyone who has a gamecube should definitely get this , 'cuz it 's awesome ! 
m sure it 's not the worst mario game out there , 
but it 's the worst one i ' ve played . 
the biggest complaint i have are the controls and the physics . 
it does n't even feel like a mario game . 
it ricochets everywhere before eventually going out . 
the enemies are unlike anything i ' ve ever seen in mario . 
the koopas explode when you jump on them . 
i 'd say skip this one , go straight to mario 2 . 
it 's much much better . 
it 's definitely alot better looking than anything that has come before it . 
quot why would i be interested in it , then ? 
you may ask ... 
well , it 's doom 
and i d software made it 
so you know it has to be good . 
and this game has it in spades . 
trust me , it 's a difficult one 
i mean this game is huge . 
trust me on this one . 
once again , buy this game . 
this game is just as awesome as it was on ps2 and xbox . 
the graphics are great , with realistic looking weapons , and some gory effects . 
simply put , this game can get hard ! 
some levels boil down to a complex game of trial and error . 
however , the game is very open - ended . 
if you do not own it , buy immediately ! 
this product is horrable for arcades i got this for metal slug sucks 
it evan sucks on fighters 
i was like omg 
do nt get this its waste of money and time 
when marvel vs capcom came out on dreamcast i quickly bought it . 
i bought it on release date . 
m vs c 2 is much more entertaining    expansive than it 's prequal . 
this game has tons of characters to choose from . 
both marvel    capcom   obviously . 
it 's pretty balanced out between the brands on the roster . 
the characters look like a crossbread of comicbook    cartoon . 
while the levels are 3d    animated aswell ! 
the controls are simple to memorize . 
so most people in general will enjoy it instantly ! 
this game sometimes sells for about   150.00 online , or a little cheaper . 
at times it can be even as low as about   25.00 . 
i recommend this game highly for anyone considering buying it for the first time . 
or someone that had it    got rid of it . 
when ultimate marvel vs capcom 3 came out i bought it immediately . 
and it 's a great game . 
this game is available on ps2    regular xbox also . 
i imagine they 're versions are great also . 
maybe i 'll try sega racing   
i highly recommend it , and this is coming from a big sonic fan . 
my happiness died a little after playing it . 
it 's fun ... 
every once in awhile . 
but the game is soooo short and soooo easy ! 
this one will not have much either . 
just be careful ! 
this is a well done game . 
the more advanced ones will definitely give you a run for your money . 
step right up and get a taste of what real videogaming is like . 
this system has the power , the library , and the price . 
if you are looking for more , you will not find it . 
can i make it any clearer ? 
anyway this is getting confusing . 
good game , great challenge . 
however , after installing and playing the game , i was somewhat let down 
and i find that i ' m not excited about continuing the adventure . 
do n't get me wrong 
if you enjoy challenges , you might like this game more than i do . 
this is the best strategy game i think that is available now . 
starcraft is still my favortie game even after 3 years ! 
i say buy this game ! 
a rather cool horseback and surfboard level is included too . 
we also get a new climbing ability , which is quite cool . 
you 'll be screaming with anger in the rockfall and aircraft levels . 
iii.graphics asound bgameplay blasting appeal b- 
i own one of the rare copies of ogre battle 64 . 
i never actually played it , because my brother was glued to it 
in fft you could master individual skills , and then master a class . 
the game kept track of all of that for you , and 
m amazed that a handheld could look this good . 
this game will consume your batteries though . 
these are the sort of stories that belong in books , big thick ones . 
i have to admit though in the 80 's they were huge ! 
the nintendo entertainment system   nes   
you can never diss . 
i liked the nes so much and even when the super nes came out 
i still played with my old buddy . 
i do like sega , sony , and microsoft 
but now i really have to interest with nintendo . 
the nintendo 64 was an okay system . 
psone was a 32-bit system while the nintendo 64 was a 64-bit system . 
this game was the game i first played when on the ps1 . 
the graphics are dated but the game still is fun to play . 
well , here i am making reviews again ! 
just play it and you 'll now what i mean . 
yes , it is a masterpiece ! 
excuse me ! 
anyway , lets get going ! 
first up , music 10 10come on ! 
everybody knows you need the right music in the game to bring it off . 
otherwise , you get this game that just does n't fit the mustard . 
for those that disagree lets make a comparison . 
which one would you think that fits the bill better on music ? 
personally , i think it 's spiderman on the n64 . 
just go play it ! 
i put that score there . 
but only in a more dianamic way ! 
i mean really wrong ! 
i fully recommend it ! 
remember , it 's not polite to be a consumer 
! - jake smithers 
no luck at all because i m only c - in black . 
but i guess i will never know ........... 
this is one of the most fun and addictive games i have ever played . 
sme bits are annoying like when you have to do something or go somewhere 
and you do nt know how or where . 
the cutscenes are interesting but also quite tedious . 
also the person who saves for you is raidens girlfriend so after when you save 
they argued over what building king kong climbed up or something like that . 
it is very interactive . 
its possible to kill almost anyone or anything . 
like it is possible to shoot seagulls that fly around in the raiden levels . 
also when your naked the guards arnt afraid to kick you and shoot you . 
i ' ve beat the pokemon elite four countless times and caught 150 once . 
i lost the game and 
so i bought it here on amazon . 
this game is amazing . 
the battle system is great . 
overall great game . 
this one of the most creative and enjoyable rts games on the market . 
surprisingly enough , she agreed to give it a try . 
this was a great purchase   
we both absolutely love the game and really enjoy playing it 
you take over the farm , but the village is in trouble . 
there are nine possible endings , each one saving the village . 
i ' m surprised that a farming game is this much fun ! 
but that s 
should i do sonic mega collection ? 
let me think ....... 
a sega fanboy mind you . 
times have truly changed in video games my friends . 
but for some reason sonic cd is missing ... 
most of you grew up playing these types of games   gihugic levels   
i 'll recommend this game as a good game to play with friends . 
if you do n't have that option then you couls let it slip by . 
wow , this was a rather large disappointment . 
ps2   is better because it has a dvd player . 
then again , my favorite types of games are mainly platformers . 
just improve!crash bandicoot   
the wrath of cortex truly is just like every other crash game . 
it 's worlds are colorful , 
title.if crash bandicoot is what you like , get this game!the same bandicoot.the same villians.a 
whole new classic!the bandicoot is still the best ! 
this game is great ! ! ! 
could have done . 
there is no slowdown even in 4-player mode ! 
the graphics are amazing . 
the weather effects are great . 
i definately recommend this game ! 
this game is one of the best games ever made . 
this has to be one of the greatest zelda stories ever told . 
did you ever think greek mythology was real ? 
so you take over a new character who 's sister 
is kidnapped by a giant bird eagle vulture hell - beast thing . 
you have to play to find out who this mystery villan . 
ya know , i think that people who play the tombraider series get spoiled ... 
i love tombraider 
but , it ruined me for some of the lesser games . 
this one has great graphics 
but it 's unbelievable how much empty space there is ! 
you sneak into buildings that have absolutely nothing of gaming value ... 
no first aid or health boxes to recover 
- that 's the biggest flawe i found ... 
and , you can not save the game anywhere ! ! ! 
i hate that ! 
i barely play my gameboy anymore due to lack of games this good . 
anyway , i do n't need to review it , it rules . 
buy this and the pokemon games   the rpgs , not the other stuff 
this game is one of my favorites . 
the weapons are very detailed . 
the controls are very easy to master . 
it is four players . 
it has over 20 characters and a load of stages . 
also i recommend playing it on gamecube instead of wii 
so you can get the full experience . 
i do n't have much more to say you just have to play it . 
10 years ago i was big in this game playing team fortress classic . 
its a server you play online with others . 
red team vs blue team and you play to capture the flag . 
great strategy ! 
classes are   
have a headset 
he runs into . 
engineers are extremely good as they have an emp grenade   
one shot they 're done and 
oh thank you snipers!play team fortress classic and get involved . 
if you 're into paintball this is for you . 
we ' ve all seen the movies . 
we each have our favorites too ... 
this is especially true if you 're playing as a colonial marine . 
and why not ? 
the engine is superb ... 
quot   of the motion tracker 
ad infinitum . 
except at night , when you 're all alone . 
cool light saber action and this time you can throw it . 
nice ! ! ! 
the actual game though is fun fun and more fun . 
but that does not make up for the lack of options and annoying music . 
you should probably rent it before purchasing . 
however , it takes a very different path . 
they are both single - player experiences , but are very immersive . 
if you do not own them , buy them . 
console gamers who have played through the frontline should also check this out . 
the star wars universe as one of the hero ' s. 
so i guess that would be why . 
both stories are similar with sometimes just opposite ends of the action . 
so that 's cool 
but the game flows ok , and is a decent length for most gamers . 
i can not recall much in terms of the sound , 
so i guess it was ok ? 
i played through it once due to being a fan , 
had i not been a fan 
i most likely would'nt have bothered . 
everything is decent , but nothing stands out too much . 
just has some quirks to get past first . 
this game works great . 
i have had this game for along time . 
it is the best game i have ever played . 
its even better than it sounds once you play it . 
i bought my gc and chose zelda as my free game ... 
when i looked up at the clock , 5 hours had passed ! ! 
the play control is flawless ... 
the soundtrack is effective and the limited voices enhance the storytelling . 
great game - buy it now ! ! 
i had to erase a file every time i bought a new game . 
and it was impossible to do it with my memory card 59   
the sims occupies 60 blocks 
but it now . 
this game is way too funny.this review might be a little late . 
if you get there late they say you   stink ! 
but if i were you i d buy it ! 
this game is a good sequel to ssb on the nintendo 
play it with friends ! ! ! 
but unlock everything first ! 
there is no booklet included in the box . 
i regard valve and sierra as thieves and criminals . 
i will never buy anything else from these crooks . 
it works great . 
just what i needed since my other one was on the fritz . 
i will not be needing another one any time soon . 
personally , the n64 did n't impress me at all . 
all music and sound effects are cut off , giving an incredibly cool effect . 
all of a sudden , it was there on the shelf . 
the draw distance is incredible   some loops you see miles away . 
there are about 10 weapons and numerous upgrades to your basic engine . 
fast techno beats drive you as you hit the insane speeds of the game . 
this game is definitely worth the price . 
this game is so much fun . 
it can become quite frustrating lol . 
burnout 2 is ok . 
it gets really boring after you played it 20 times . 
all you do is crash cars and race . 
its grafics are ok . 
there not the best . 
you should rent it or borrow it from somebody 
its not worth 20 dollars . 
are you completely addicted to the sims ? 
give this new version a try , and i bet you will be soon ! 
i was a sim - head . 
my old sim family worked like a charm , no problems at all ! 
quite a bit!this is great gameplay for all ages . 
it 's very constructive - 
it makes you really think about your real life world . 
love gameboys . 
i ve had a gameboy pocket , advance , and advance sp . 
i should have bought another sp just because of the backlight . 
other than not being bright the gameboy color is good . 
it is a nice size and very durable . 
i would suggest getting collectible or one with the battery cover . 
mine was a little dirty 
but i ' 
m sure i can clean it off . 
very nice and love the blue color . 
it lasts longer on batterys than rechargeable . 
but i have rechargeable aa 's 
so it is n't a problem . 
this is the best present i ' ve ever gotten . 
ff8 has the unfortunate curse of being the next in line after ff7 . 
that means it had a lot of hype to live up to . 
well , let 's jump right into the review!graphics   score 
10 10    
i still find them pleasing to the eye . 
the rest of the game 's music does n't dissapoint either . 
be it exciting songs or mellow tunes , ff8 delivers . 
he 's quite likeable in a grumpy anti - social sort of way .... 
plus he 's an excellent case study in avoidant - attachment disorder . 
ha ha ... seriously , though , the characters are very well - developed . 
i love having unique introspection into the psyche of a main character . 
the rest of the characters are excellent , too . 
i ' ve played   
i ' m looking at you , ff12 ! . 
the story , too , is excellent . 
i was thoroughly engaged by it   
i ' ve played this game 
score 9 10    
combat is turn - based like most final fantasies . 
it 's fairly easy to learn this system . 
that 's what knocks the point off the score . 
other than that , the battle system is fine . 
that means that power - leveling is no longer desirable . 
so , there should be plenty features here to please everyone.overall   
score 10 10    
this score is not an average , it 's my subjective overall score . 
i realize what a treasure i really have in ff8 . 
this game really is awesome and i recommend it to all fans of rpgs . 
i have favored the tony hawk series in the past . 
the most amazing graphics you could see ! 
i higly recomend to purchase this product . 
happy sailing ! 
to reader   this is not a little little kids game it is comclacated ! 
i am not joking . 
otherwise , i felt that this game was not stacking up to the fist . 
you play as a covenant and can wield the cool sword . 
this game maybe was a little rushed . 
oh , there are cool points along the way . 
the missions themselves are endless variations on the same themes . 
quot rogue squadron quot   is an infinitely better single - player space game . 
and while i got that in bucketloads , it 's only rarely engaging . 
and i suggest you invest your time and money in something else . 
altered beast   may not be   pac man   or even   sonic   
but it 's still an awesome game that should not be forgotten.highly recommended . 
there are six long tracks to race on . 
my friends and i love this racing game . 
it is well made , nice looking   amp   easy to control . 
that s when the free game offer ends . 
i have cable so can not tell what the dial ups worth 
but this was my best buy of the year . 
i give it an a . 
given that , the first problem is the name . 
delta force v   black hawk down . 
keep in mind 
i have not finished it 
yet.good   incredible graphics .   
they limit the weapons , sometimes to just one- redundancy in the weaponsugly- 
the way points are a must or you 're   awol - 
not nearly as much freedom to roam like the other df games 
great game . 
scary atmosphere throughout the game . 
fun to play . 
s. this is a very cheap way of making the game harder . 
no damage modeling in this game 
what so ever , atleast none that i can see . 
also physics are pretty nill when it comes to bumping around with other cars . 
this is a sweet game.if you liked this game check out dkc    dkc 2 
with all of the hype around doom 3 , i expected to be disappointed . 
i was n't . 
it looks so damn real ! 
the visuals , sound effects , animations , are all perfect . 
it 's one helluva ride    
thank you , i 
d ! bloody well perfect ! 
it 's not just prettier graphics , it 's more informative   
the automation features   actually work ! 
you actually have a national border now ! 
enemy civs have to respect it or declare war . 
no more positioning their forces where they can easily attack before wiping you out . 
no city - based troops . 
two   most abuses gone . 
civ 3 has the fewest of any civ game to date . 
rule changes , part three   variety . 
there are military , cultural and political victories . 
clever ai   
but it 's among the best 
i ' ve seen.because 
some people play without research at all , simply trading for techs . 
interaction is critical . 
it 's also enjoyable . 
and that 's saying something . 
definitely a game to have if you are or were a fan of wrestling . 
rahzel is back again , and the beats are way way 
phat to keep you groovin ' down the hill . 
the game itself is very very fun . 
actually , if your a fan of video games you have to play it . 
i use to like this game alot when it came out . 
but , after trying out street fighter 3   third strike . 
this game is for the original fans of the alpha series . 
more modes making fun to play than the arcade . 
if you beat him you get to see the ending for you chosen fighter . 
why bother playing arcade mode then if you want to see every persons ending ? 
could n't they just make it like the original alphas ? 
i say it is fun if you challange your friends . 
so i decided to get it when it came out . 
it 's a lot more different looking than mk trilogy . 
it looks more realistic also . 
the title says it all ..... 
i remember watching some of the movies in this game being absolutely starstruck . 
i was amazed at what they could do with that technology . 
untill now . 
this years version is just average . 
unfortunatly the 1 on 1 mode is very boring . 
the games season option lost some of its appeal without a franchise mode available . 
though i like this game , it could ' ve been much better . 
the graphics are n't good on some things like the explosions . 
they look cheesy . 
you blow up a turrett and all you see is pieces flying . 
the ground has no detail and the bushes are generic . 
you can play3 different warrior classes . 
it 's still a fun game , but it coudl ' ve been better . 
so far , the simpsons franchise has released many games . 
the simpsons is the longes running and best t.v . 
then came the simpsons wrestling , for the playstation . 
instead , it is merely a crazy taxi clone , with the simpsons . 
the simpsons hit and run was recently released . 
check out my preview on that . 
it is just like vice city , except in the simpsons world . 
of course , it is not as violent . 
but i will not lie to you . 
but get hit and run instead ! 
'nuff said ! 
this is one game that marge would frown at , and bart would love . 
decide which you are like!my rating 7.0 . 
clunky , almost impossible controls ... camera angles that refuse to correct themselves ... 
did i mention the horrible controls ? 
try to move in a direction , she turns around ! 
by the way , the light sourcing slows the game down   
i waited so long for this . 
i personally looked forward to a revisit to tr one and two . 
such ground - breaking games . 
hope this game gets better or it goes in the shiny frisbee stack . 
super mario world is my favorite of all the mario games ever . 
so i ' m very happy they are putting it on the game boy 
advance- the best game ever to play on long road trips ! 
this one realy shows of the gba capabilities . 
what are you waiting for ? ? 
if you own one gba title own this one ! 
i thought that this game was really fun . 
i know that this is supposedly the best rts game ever . 
i really love how challenging the campaigns are . 
i mean , i beat ' um , but they were hard . 
let 's cut to the chase . 
and that 's all true . 
do n't get me wrong   
it 's still a fun game to play . 
still , dungeon siege lacks any type of user - chosen skill development . 
the eye candy and sound are awesome , but everything else simply feels rushed . 
quests are limited , as are social interactions with non - player characters . 
you 're a diablo fan 
, i have no doubt that dungeon siege will suit your taste . 
it 's hard to put down once you stop . 
it 's simplistic , unassuming tone will offend true   rpg'ers ,   
and is n't that what gaming is all about ? 
this game is awesome . 
i am a buffy fanatic . 
it is alot of fun to play and the graphics are cool . 
even the voices are of the real people from the show . 
it is n't easy and it is n't hard . 
it is right in the middle . 
once again , storyline makes up for graphics . 
there are strong female characters in both games . 
game was in good condition . 
no complaints here with the product . 
i played this game a long time ago . 
10graphics   7gameplay   10fun   
10difficulty   easy to hardoverall   8 10   eight out of ten 
to me this game is the best gamecube game ever . 
it has what most rpg 's require . 
swords , magic , guns , and a great storyline . 
but i m going to buy one now because of this game ! 
overall the game is great . 
its not one of those games where you can beat it right away . 
i think skies of arcadia legends has more than 50 hours of play involved . 
you have to make discoveries , get moonfish , and collect chams . 
this is a fun game and i think it will be a classic . 
this was definately my favorite super nintendo game . 
playing this game for me was like reading a good book . 
i really did n't like the game until i had beat the first continent . 
you ca nt judge it by its cover either . 
i was looking for a game that was similar to this 
but there really are nt any . 
this xbox port also includes the great gameplay of the original ps2 version . 
they will not be disappointed . 
i ' ve been a spiderman fan and a gamer for years . 
this one brings the two together in a big , big way . 
this one will make you forget them . 
graphics , gameplay , and good times . 
all in a days work , for the amazing spiderman . 
this is a platform fighter game that incorporates some from castlevania 
this game has amazing new features , characters and weapons ! 
grant who is a theif and who may stick to walls and ceilings ... 
it is difficult to get him to stick though . 
along the quest there are several new and old monsters , bosses and challenges . 
ray liotta is just on fire as tommy vercetti . 
, even blondie get 's a minor part.this is many thumbs way up . 
this was eliminated in san andreas , but this one is the one . 
i run this town ! 
me ! !   
- tommy vercetti 
this game is one that will keep you playingfor hours . 
i got a used console to suppliment my wii u. 
metroid fusion will pull you in from the very first seconds of gameplay . 
please , nintendo , never abondon your metriod series again . 
i think every gba owner who met that above reccomentdation should have this game . 
this started out a game with no real action . 
sure , bang bang , punch , bang . 
you got to hand it to the weapons , though . 
kill him , pull the lever that opens the door and run into it . 
he automaticly heals when he reaches the top . 
interact have recently replaced the gameshark2 v2 with a new gameshark2 v3 . 
interact are no longer publishing v2 codes for current games . 
well , do n't worry too much . 
there 's are a few issues here . 
music is good , though not the masterpiece that super metroid 's soundtrack was . 
that said the game does have its merrits . 
do n't expect a plot that will draw you into what is going on . 
this has got to be the must own game for this system . 
these elements are wrapped in an pleasant aural package . 
the music is the best that any handheld has ever had . 
this offers a fresh twist to the traditional mold . 
along with the gba 's already impressive library , this is a must own . 
splinter cell is a great game , but ! 
... those with loaded guns and those who dig . 
this game is pure freakin ' genious ! 
the character you played in fallout . 
he is your ancestor . 
this speeds up movement on the game map.one the map ... 
this game takes place north of the ncr area   shady sands in fallout . 
although you may want to play fallout first ... to get the full effect . 
buy this one and play it well before it disappears ! 
that 's right . 
klonoa 2 is much better than anything crash bandicoot can do ! 
i know it looks cute 
but it 's really a clever mix of puzzles and platform action 
all wraped up to make one fun game . 
from the first minute you start you quest you know its something special . 
i do n't know about you 
if your looking for a fun platformer then look no more . 
klonoa 2 should not be missed . 
what what game 
i ' m describing . 
it 's old , it 's puzzling , and it 's a blockbuster game . 
, you guessed it , myst . 
and that is probably the easiest puzzle you 'll get concerning myst , too . 
there is a puzzle that involves matching piano tones ... 
but do n't fret ... 
and that 's one of the things i like about rpgs . 
it 's a must have for any gamer , in my opinion . 
can not really say much more than that . 
still the best game ever . 
but i only had a 386 pc ! 
or i simply could n't find the game . 
, i 'll take their word for it . 
the architecture is fantastic in this game . 
not exactly how i visualized it in the books , but pretty close . 
multiplayer is okay , but not great . 
the battle system , i think , is kinda clunky . 
where 's the draghkar ? 
gray men ? 
the atmosphere is nice in this game , though . 
very dark at times . 
i 'll probably still buy this game -- hence the 3 stars . 
but they do make a light to put on top of it . 
the games r good on this too and there r too many to name . 
that is why i loved the gba for a long time . 
should n't have done that . 
and so far , i can not even get the game to play . 
i installed and uninstalled twice . 
i have downloaded updated drivers for nvidia geforce fx 5200 128meg video card . 
i have changed all of the settings over and over again . 
and still can not play . 
so far , it 's more trouble than it 's worth . 
so now i guess i will try homeworld 2 . 
the story line is nice . 
the design concept is really great . 
it only has a few flaws , the greatest of which is goro . 
other than my issues with goro 
awesome for mulit - player games . 
a must have for parties of more than 2 people.now for the majr problem . 
remember back to the days of genesis and snes . 
it is a near flawless game , no doubt , a classic . 
livin large was great , but that only gave new objects . 
it is awesome , a definate reccomend . 
its ridiculous , but its worth the loading time . 
definately reccomended . 
the game gets confusing though . 
this game also gets you a headache after you play . 
overall , just get medal of honor rising sun ! 
when i got this game i was really up for it . 
i was in the middle of ffxii , buit decided to start on ffx . 
the graphics were 5 star as was the storyline . 
the design was poor . 
it was over balanced in so far as the number of battles . 
you could barely move without getting into another tussle . 
after about 49 hrs . 
i could n't move forward because of one battle after another . 
by this time the game had quit being fun and enjoyable . 
that was almost 49 hrs . 
invested for nothing   it went to the used game store . 
great concept , poor execution . 
charlie s. richmond va . 
not as good as the gamecube or playstation2 versions . 
i have both consoles xbox and gamecube 
but i do nt recommend buying this game for any console . 
to start , how can this game get a decent grade for controls ! ? 
its terrible and broken ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
to aim down - sight you must press the left stick ! ! ! 
wtf ! ! ? 
and not only that , 
but you have to effin hold the thing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
jumping is left trigger ... 
yeah , wtf ! ? 
on top of that your guns are atrocious in aiming ... 
.. sounds easy right ? 
well its not ! ! ! 
very awkward if there is a break in an intense fire fight 
its like ...   ratatatatatatata ... reload automatically while enemy is standing there shooting 
you lets talk about the ai and the bugs plauging this lackluster game . 
ontop of that 
you can stand in front of an enemy for about 5 minutes   
yes i did time 
this   before they go   
oh yes i forgot to mention   a lot of the time 
from there they moved into cuba and then one day attacked manhatten , ny . 
moving on , each mission affects another one . 
how in the name of zeus did this game get a 9.3 ? 
i honestly do not see it . 
this game really stood out among the others and i rented it . 
and when he gets hit , he 's out . 
there 's no life gauge or mascot hanging around . 
you have no access to firepower or any real protection . 
the detail on the different boats and their weapons were pretty well done . 
this was the decision i was faced with after getting my xbox . 
2k2 for the xbox definitely parallels microsoft 's nfl fever . 
the competition is gaining ground but madden still seems like the champ . 
the decision really comes back to you as a gamer . 
which do you want ? 
oh that game kicks 
smash brothers butt ! 
1-player modes   classic mode   
multi - player modes   
64-player tournament   
over 25 levels to duke it out on . 
this game is the best game ever for any system . 
100 100replay value   
95 100sound   
100graphics   100 100variety   
100 100overall 98 100must buy game this rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!read my other smash bros . 
melee review to find out more about the game and mainly the characters . 
p3 1ghz , . 
i ' m 
this is my review , so i sort of recommended ut2003 ..... 
anyway , it 's a good game for franchise depth and playing against friends . 
i was pleasantly surprised by this game . 
out.what 's different ? 
first off , it 's not really a   quot shooter quot . 
it 's more a   quot sneaker quot , resembling thief or rainbow six . 
i 'll probably have to get a walkthrough or cheat codes to finish the game 
and i hate games where i have to do that ! 
maybe i ' m getting old?the load times are excruciating ! 
i hoped my review helped . 
i beat the game sitting down with it one night . 
it is an incredibly short game.that 's not to say it is n't fun . 
i ended up playing it over and over again to buff up my characters   
quot wham bam thank you sony quot 
if jedi power battles can do that , why could n't this game ? 
some of the combat and movie sequences are really cool   
i just got done rating   quot 
you 're likely to see in a videogame . 
do nt listen to alleged gaming experts    i.e. egm ... 
this is the most comfortable gaming control possibly ever . 
do nt be put off by its bulky appearance . 
9 ft of breakaway cord is pretty cool too . 
also superior to any pc attempts i ' ve ever owned . 
probably the most impressive ps1 game i ' ve seen . 
a must have in a gamer 's collection . 
this game is a work of art . 
indeed , once installed , it wipes out much of what was there before . 
the biggest is an increase in the cost and construction time of town centers . 
i will write a more detailed review , after i get one . 
this is another tough gane not too exciting but my nephew likes it 
so i gave it to him.i 
wish the graphics were more like the nes bataman 
this is a great game ... 
i can only hope they improve it for the next release . 
sooo thank you very much 
this is the   best   multiplayer action game out on any system . 
favorite   or ganondorf 
you will not be able to drop your controller . 
warning highly addictivly fun 
however , super c is a game where you can not wimp out . 
much like the first contra , it takes practice to learn . 
you will go through , running and gunning through tons of enemies . 
you 'll find many weapons for you to use . 
they all come from the previous contra game . 
you 'll find a machine gun , flame thrower   
there are two types this time , laser and the spread gun . 
c does two player co - op exactly as the first one did it . 
it 's also better than the first contra . 
it uses the same sprites but the environments are far more detailed . 
allowing for more populated levels.old school gaming almost does n't get any better . 
plus , my pc played cod and battlefield 1942 
so there should n't have been technical problems to play it . 
boy was i wrong to think that.this game is a technical disaster . 
and the developers should be ashamed of themselves . 
this game is incredible . 
the storyline is one of the best i'eve ever seen . 
a good storyline makes for a great game . 
fei is a young man with no recollection of his past . 
help him find his true identity and discover who this mysterious   quot 
i d quot   is . 
this game is a must - have for any rpgamer . 
the puzzles are almost all really obscure . 
the plot is incredibly cliched   save the governer - again . 
, i do n't find this at all fun to play . 
they need good puzzles and a good plot . 
they need you to get engaged in the characters . 
my favourite adventure game though would still have to be full throttle . 
now there 's a game . 
i ' ve been playing morrowind for the xbox for weeks now 
but we need more then one game to play on our shiny new xboxs 
from a purely gameplay standpoint it certainly holds up . 
animation is smooth and fluid with breathtaking effects   
i know it 's an overused term , but the graphics really are amazing . 
this has to be the most graphically inspired game i have ever played . 
if your looking for a showpiece title , this one qualifies easily . 
however , its hardly a must have title . 
lots of fun sure , but not nearly as much replay value as halo . 
its so addicting . 
anyway , cs cz looks like a great sequel . 
cs cz is not only multiplayer   it has a single player mode 
those are some good improvements because h4xx0rs can ruin the game your playing . 
i do nt blame them . 
this one is actually playable . 
the controls have been vastly improved , and the graphics are slightly better . 
just do n't go into it expecting a true duke 3d experience . 
between these two , 
i ' m hooked big time . 
my thinking used to be    quot 
let 's face it , 
how fun can driving really really fast around and around a track be ? 
the graphics are dazzling , even better than msr . 
this is the best - looking racer there is , no question . 
the thing i like the most , however , is the ai . 
each car   up to 24 on screen at once !   
the reflection mapping has to be seen to believed . 
i just wanna race ! 
msr has more variety to its gameplay . 
as a new racing convert , i hope they do . 
or any other nes game , period . 
each major world phases from vertical scroller to horizontal scroller to fortress maze . 
well , i have windows 
xp and it works perfectly on mine . 
maybe it 's their computers that are n't working . 
it can get boring if you play it all day every day . 
there are a few things that should have been fixed though . 
the sims get tired way too fast . 
you barely have enough time to go downtown . 
other than that i think this game is loads of fun . 
the extra options the sims can do , like cuddle , is really cool . 
i look forward to more expansion packs and also the sims for ps2 . 
this game is awesome . 
i still have n't beaten it and i have played for 20 hrs . 
it gets harder and harder . 
new characters come in all the time . 
some of the attacks are sweet . 
like mak hits hammers and hands and throws . 
it awesome . 
i love this game and its expansions . 
playing kamikazee with your jeep against their tank to slow them . 
it does get personal because sniping is very diffiult due to the distances 
usually , tking be damed i will shoot these sobs to stop the annoyance . 
... and gave up . 
too many weird looking characters to enlist . 
the violin battle music i found irritating . 
the combat system itself did n't make much sense . 
neither did the story . 
i completed the first disk . 
it could be possible that i just did n't   get it . 
maybe over my head or something 
but i ' ve played enough turn based rpgs in my time . 
this is a true great platform game last one quite as good 
i palyed was jak and daxter . 
but the house is haunted , and mario has n't returned yet . 
and i finished it over the weekend . 
let 's hope mario sunshine and zelda will live up to my expectations   
i ' m sur they will ! 
each character was thoughtfully created with unique story , background , and demeanor . 
i hated him , yet felt sorry for him at the same time . 
graphics six years ago were bound to be worse than what they are 
, this game has so much to offer . 
just twenty minutes into the game , i was hooked . 
also , the more bonuses , the faster the other weapons come up . 
so , it never really gets tiring.and 
bombs that pulse out are too slow , guns with beams 
that wobble are nice but do n't always go forward , and so on . 
and then , playing it , i noticed how wrong i really was . 
and what 's the life of the party without you ? 
when you look back at fighting games a lot of people love this franchise . 
the game is just pure fun . 
to put it mildly 
and you 're fine . 
i like this game because it 's not easy . 
i ' ve had this since june this year 
and i ' m still not completely done with it . 
and i have n't reached the game boss . 
if you like a challenge you will like this game.overall---9 
i was scepticle about getting this game- 
i ' m not saying i do n't like the one for the nes . 
it will have several weapons and maps for players to use . 
this is yet another game that is made by majesco . 
the ps2 controller was tiny . 
nintendo 's controllers are traditionally medium - sized or smaller . 
xbox is aimed at an older gaming audience , and their controllers reflect that . 
they are very comfortable   amp   
you can not beat in the built - in rumbling . 
all of the games i ' ve played   
i ' ve only played 4 so far   use the rumbling feature   
the last controller that i appreciated this much was the super nintendo controller . 
i am very happy with microsoft 's design . 
to be blunt , how this game got such universal acclaim is beyond me . 
it 's a fun game , for the first 10 minutes . 
wow , i just shot an old lady , here comes the ambulance , 
but that s a little off . 
do you like rpgs ? 
does the thought of kicking alien butt using a curvaceous female android excite you ? 
does the thought of over 8 hours of cinematics cause you to drool ? 
then fellas , you have found your game . 
what this really boils down to is 
shion is the head developer of the android , kos - mos . 
recently , even an entire planet disappeared . 
you will sometimes control characters outside of the usual shion . 
one fight is essentially entirely random . 
you have no control over the event . unless you happen to get lucky 
you do not stand a chance . 
this is helpful when you simply do not feel like fighting . 
the characters are animated nicely , and the 3-d environments are large and detailed . 
that being said , the voiceovers are amazing . 
i have played almost every fps shooter that came before tron 2.0 . 
it is not the best of that lot 
but it should please you with its game mechanics and overall look . 
the music is good but there was a sound bug with my soundblaster live . 
you have to get permissions   keys   to open doors or crates . 
there are emails scattered in boxes that let you follow the story 
but i stopped reading those after the fourth level . 
there is a nice selection of weapons . 
the disc was my favorite along with the lol   sniper rifle 
have fun with it . 
sorry for the title . 
this is an excellent game ! 
the cartoon graphics are cute , and they work quite well surprisingly . 
grim fandango quot   which i highly recommend ! . 
the control is also top notch . 
while the graphics are n't is good as they could have been   
first off , the levels are too short . 
i 'd rent it before buying . 
what can i say   this game is a dream comes true . 
the camera 's just as untamed as the game 's expectations . 
if you go left , the camera goes right . 
the short game plot is not helping either . 
but to me , i think it 's a rent game only . 
you hold a shotgun , and run and dash , shoot everything that moves . 
a ton of quest . 
continues the story of the warcraft rts games.smooth controls . 
lot 's of dungeons and raids . 
low system requirements . 
so it 's kind of slow . 
the gameplay is also great . 
you can use the mouse to do everything , 
yes i said everything . 
the ai in black in white frightens me . 
you can train you animal to do whatever you want . 
you can make him love to eat grain or people . 
you can train him to strike lightnings bolts . 
by the way it is my favorite pc game of all time 
with a more than adequate range this controller is unrivaled . 
highly recommended for marathon gamers . 
i m not sure if that is a glitch or not . 
mortal kombat games have always been great , but this one is the best . 
it has many classic characters back and looking better than ever . 
the best part about the game is that there is so much to unlock . 
this game is so awesome to play . 
it makes you feel like you 're inside a dogfight . 
this is 50 bucks well paid . 
i ' ve been playing video games since 1987    
wow is my favorite . 
it seems like the game will never end . 
it 's also fun playing online    making friends in the game . 
i got this game for christmas , and i absolutely love it . 
out of all of the sims games this is definitely not my favorite . 
i personally liked the sims livin ' large expansion pack better than this . 
games.i just bought this game and from the first 5 minutes it was cool . 
the greatness of this game does n't have to be typed . 
new rpg fans must try this classic . 
this game could play on ps3 . 
and then lunch break comes along 
and there is one thing on my mind , 
f'ing fire fight   
there was a fire fighhhhhtttt ! ! ! . 
i have never been more involved in a game , in my life . 
i ' m saying i was hooting and hollering as i played this , 
i felt good , real good . 
classic fire fight , is quite an expierence . 
that 's a bummer and octopus is the hardest most frusterating game ever invented . 
i ' ve almost smashed that damn gameboy into pieces over that game ! 
it 's a keeper through and through ! 
super mario all stars was awesome ! 
great game , now i have final fantasy 
i , ii , v - x . 
i just need iii and iv . 
so i never bothered to pick this one up . 
showdowngame its most assocated too - soul caliber- tekken 
5- samurai showdownadditional notes - 
games.the levels are huge , dark , and scream star wars at every turn . 
just as japan has their animation style , it seems we do as well . 
the difference is that most japanese animation is pretty violent   
okay , sometimes they can be very violent . 
so , think of this as our american version of that . 
it 's american style animation   
you use your right analog stick to target an enemy or enemies . 
then a button icon appears above their heads   square , x or circle . 
the sound fits the game wellfun factor     
i can not stess the fun factor of this game . 
i was convinced there must be something to this game . 
like beastmaster . 
you can see through the eyes of kuzo whenever you want .in 
closing , i am not good at writing reviews in text . 
what it comes down to , is that i highly recommend this 
game.i am a 20-something long time console video gamer . 
... go and buy it 
best one in my opinion better than the 1st and 3rd one . 
highly recommended for beat em ' up fans . 
there are also over a dozen scenarios ranging from fairly easy to fairly difficult . 
you can then upload them to the official rct2 site and share them . 
you can also share rides you have designed and download other people 's rides . 
rct2 gives you almost everything that the old game had . 
there 's already an expansion pack called   wacky worlds   due in may . 
this shows that more material could have been added at the beginning . 
watch out walt disney - here comes roller coaster tycoon 2 ! 
the original rayman is perhaps one of the finest platformers that ever came out . 
that reason is ... 
everything.the game has one of the best soundtracks 
i ' ve ever listened to in a video game . 
i can tell there were lots of effort put into this masterpiece . 
that 's cool , and   gasp 
lt   being able to fly for a short period of time ! 
, you have to work your way to get these .... 
and you would have fun doing it.the problem 
is that younger gamers may be put off by the game 's difficulty . 
it is challenging , but some find it to actually be too challenging . 
i am a big fan of kurosawa   seven samurai , ran . 
ii   mindless rpg   sort of way . 
me , you 'll need it . 
all i can say is i love this game ! ! ! 
i first previewed this game on a demo disc i received in the mail . 
i can honestly say it was my best purchase decision since twisted metal black . 
both of these are false . 
on mine , there is no problem whatsoever . 
and do n't think the fun is over when you beat the game . 
renamon .   
excellent , excellent , excellent ,   etc . 
this is truely an amazing game . 
so , this is where it all began - the original tomb raider . 
in november 1996 , britain was changing . 
four sequels followed in the form of tomb raider ii , tomb raider iii 
, tomb raider 
the last revelation and tomb raider 
lara sets off on her travels to find this artifact 
i remember the days when i bought this game ... 
i was only 10 and it scared me to death ! 
the enemies may not look very real , but remember that controlling lara is ! 
you control her every move so her life is in your hands ! 
the former is not so much now , but the latter still stands . 
everything about this game is so enchanting and memorable . 
only when you purchase all 5 tomb raider games will your collection be complete . 
so naturally , when warcraft 3 came out i seriously considered buying it . 
i asked for it for my birthday next to gta3 . 
i adjusted and had a great time . 
i also enjoyed how truly diverse each of the four races were . 
can you believe it was the campaign mode that especially caught my interest ? ! 
i loved raising heroes ' levels through battle experience . 
while the game itself is quite good . 
there are several problems , however , particularly when compared to sim city 2000 . 
first , there are no scenarios . 
that is a pity because the scenarios often enhanced the value of the game . 
additionally , the online support is much better for unlimited . 
my initial reaction was that this was just another ordinary action platform game . 
the thievius raccoonus which is a guidebook for thieves . 
even the cel - shaded graphics compliment the games ' cartoony atmosphere . 
no boring sleep - inducing fetch quests here ... 
oh no ! 
you can collect clues to unlock new moves to use in the game 
but it is n't neccessary just to finish the game . 
sucker punch keeps thing fresh and simple in this game . 
i , personally , look forward to a sequel . 
if you do n't own this game , buy it ! 
max payne is really a wonderful source of gameplay . 
i highly recommend this game for that reason . 
the game has great potential but it just falls short . 
whoever created this title probably has n't ever seen an actual track . 
second , the game can be finished within a day or so . 
it 's hard to accept a seemingly casual effort like this one . 
i brought this game brand new back in 2000 . 
i remember testing it out at funcoland . 
at the time there was much talk about it 
and it seemed like an interesting game . 
convinced , i picked it up and brought it home . 
i must say the novelty of this game wears off quickly . 
you stay in one basic dungeon for a majority of the game . 
it 's 2009 and i pulled the game out to play it again . 
it just seems as though the game was lazily created . 
the risk meter is a gauge that increases as you fight your oppenents . 
as the gauge fills up , your chance to hit goes way down . 
mainly because you feel as though your in the same area the entire game . 
1 . play with sub - zero2 . 
fight johny cage 
anyway you like , 
but you must have a double flawless victory4 . 
when fighting kitana , everytime you hit her , she must be frozen first . 
do not hit her if she is not frozen.5 . 
last one . 
who would not want to be the slave of sindel ? ? ? ? 
rent it . 
sega smash pack   for game boy advance is a great game . 
it feature 3 sega genesis classic    1 . ecco the dolphin 2 . 
sonic spinball 3 . 
golden axe . 
and unlike the super mario advance games , these are not modified . 
these have no updated graphics or sounds . 
s. the only thing that is different is the controls . 
but it 's different now since sega stopped making systems . 
for sonic spinball , there is an improvement . 
on gba , you can hide that bar by pressing the select button . 
the bar was n't removable on the sega genesis system . 
that makes it a lot easier to see what is above you . 
i 'd buy them . 
get a classic sega genesis series on gba 
it just , it just is unrealistic . 
yea to put out a fire you need a crank in a cabin ? 
why was the crank removed in the first place .   
we need to make it 
yea right . 
wanna get into that room ? 
you need the crest and key and plugs buddy ! 
the zombies themselves can take quite alot , like 5 hits to kill them . 
the story is nice . 
it starts randomly , but then ends where it should . 
it succeeds in making a good game . 
1.the game defense ai is incredible . 
the cpu actually plays the passing lanes on defense . 
there are no cheap passes in the game . 
even inbounding the ball is a challange at times.2.gameplay flow is true to life . 
and the same goes with your team as well!3.zone defenses ! 
this helps alot when you go up against perimieter shooting 
teams.4.challanging ai where you can not really beat this game after a week . 
the problem is that you can make free throws regardless of who 's shooting . 
so you can be shaq who should be terrible in the free throw department but 
nbalive2002 does n't come close is simulating a real nba game as nba2k2 does . 
nba2k2 has a large learning curve when trying to be successful at the game . 
there have been a myriad of star wars titles over the years . 
knights of the old republic changes everything . 
talk to npc 's and get quests . 
there are also brief stints where you must face ships in combat in outerspace . 
it is basically a shooting gallery , and is very easy . 
the core gameplay revolves around the rpg game.the story is very intriguing . 
there are many characters who will join your group as the game progresses . 
you will also get more vicious , with evil and manipulative responses for conversations . 
it is little bits like that which make the game a blast to play . 
talking to npc 's can get very boring , however . 
the game 's pros , it is not without its faults . 
for starters , it is extremely glitchy . 
thankfully , you can save anywhere , at anytime . 
and saves are unlimited . 
i grew up with this game in my teen years . 
lots to do in this game . 
multiplayer is great . 
you will not regret buying it if you 're a fan of gundam . 
if not , you 'll probably still enjoy it . 
not bad at all for its time . 
it 's truly a pleasure to see your hydra decimate an invading army.if 
you really get a strong flavor of each civilization as you play them through.even better 
, this is a must buy ! 
, this is and is n't adventure 
go get it ! ! ! 
i did n't have than much fun since first metal gear solid i ever 
played!!!psbad side   
now you can get it used for 44 cents .... 
oh my ! 
that 's why i ' m skipping this new generation of consoles 
the game gear was awesome it had games like earthworm jim sonic 1 sonic 2 
i m not sure 
but i think earthworm jim 2 
but anyway get it 
i higly recomend it if you like gameboy or gameboy advanced witch 
i have an sp model 
but that s not the case 
hopefully you find the game gear 
he is segata sanshro 
one i highly recommend to all . 
it 's really sickening to read this stuff all the time . 
but i will not dwell on 
but i became pretty good with it pretty quickly and now i love it . 
, that 's nothing to complain about . 
the music and areas and sidequests are so awesome . 
i love the different chocobo forests and riding the chocobos . 
oh and it 's so awesome with the summons in this game . 
oh and odin is my favorite summon 
and you can not summon odin 
it 's so creative . 
the sidequests and mini - games are so fun . 
an epic storyline and seeing all the characters develop throughout the game . 
of course the music is some of the best in the whole series . 
this is what final fantasy is all about . 
just so many amazing things . 
it 's so underrated . 
a must buy for final fantasy fans and rpg fans ! ! 
but this is xbox and nba 
2k2 has done a much better job . 
that s all ill say . 
this is a very good xbox game . 
i ' m not a hardcore gamer 
game does reward you for your patience . 
before you know it you 'll be on the third or fourth mountain 
well , maybe if you 're a hardcore gamer 
you might but few people will be able to beat this game . 
i ' m halfway through 
and i ' m stuck . 
so will you if you at least have the patience of a gnat . 
fortunately this does n't really happen on amped until late in the game . 
it should be noted that this game is not a flight simulator ! 
i can also choose which plane to fly before beginning a mission . 
i can decide which missions to accept or not choose any at all . 
multiplayer gameplay excellent boss battles intense gamplaycons none 
in 1998 tim sweeney changed the face of fps gaming forever . 
unreal beats a lot of fps games that have since been released . 
in fact unreal become a multiplayer called unreal tournament that was released in 1999 . 
the next update was unreal tournament 2003.unreal 2 was released in 2004 . 
it pretty much tanked for a couple of reasons . 
unreal 2 has some great looking environments . 
however it is nothing like unreal and that is a major drawback . 
the missions are very leisurely , linear and extremely easy to beat . 
and then if you feel you must then go for 
this   it is usually available in unreal box sets . 
it has.pros environmentsrange of gunscons 
it is not unrealit is very slowstory is not good 
this system was awesome back in the day . 
all good titles , shame ... game tested on a 60 gb ps3 . 
this game has some very minor details that annoy me.1 . 
the graphics , especially character faces , show their age.3 . 
ai is decent , but not superb . 
but it 's as close as it gets , i guess . 
actually it 's the best game i ' ve played , period . 
and of course there 's   quot terrorist hunt quot    
you can replay a mission with thirty baddies around and 
no hostages   
it 's the ultimate shootout - hunting match . 
it 's worth every penny it costs ! 
good job guys ! 
i really enjoy crash bandicoot games . 
there are 30 levels in the game , including the bosses . 
if you were expecting improved graphics , then your expectations will be pleasantly fulfilled . 
the game moves very smoothly through some beautiful environments.so what are my complaints ? 
first , crash seems harder to control than i remember from his previous adventures . 
i think one of the biggest factors in this are the camera angles . 
it is hard to judge the depth of your enemies . 
second , some of levels tended to be repetitive . 
granted , i did enjoy some of the newer levels . 
third , the bosses were just painful . 
positive    fun !   
advanced techniques add depth to the gameplay   great controls   
excellent adventure mode   
a few top - notch games rightly earned him the position . 
you can get a boost upon hitting the ground   provided 
you manage to get enough air . 
it 's a neat element.believe it or not , ctr actually has a story . 
it 's really neat way to do a racing game 
also has extra stuff to get . 
it 's hard to choose a favorite when they 're all so awesome ! 
most of the tracks are dedicated to one specific character . 
they 're really good at getting the shortcuts , that is .of 
you probably will not get around to it until you ' ve beaten the adventure 
but it 's there . 
times.there are quite a few characters in the game . 
8.5sound   9.5value   
9.0final score   
the landscape of the game - which is its achille 's heel   
a stroke ? have an ' accident ' in your trousers ? 
straight out of the packaging , doa is a beautiful game . 
the graphics are very detailed , fluid , intense and colorful . 
, it is much better suited for cooperative play , or player vs. player . 
what you say ? 
it 's all random ... 
however , i hope you like aerosmith ... 
they provide 3 songs that you fight to throughout the game . 
they are decent and adrenaline pumping, ... 
but aerosmith ? 
should have been techno.game control   
the game is somewhat sensitive to your hand on the game pad . 
could be a pro or a con depending on how you look at it . 
this fact carriers over to how you control you players attacks . 
but here 's the problems   
all voice overs are in japanese with english subtitles . 
the only english you here is   
, you lose , start . 
why do i have to read subtitles that go by so fast ? 
2   flaws in the overall story   
you picked your character and now must fight 7 battles . 
i think the strangest thing is the battle 8 ... the boss . 
most stories have a build up to the last the showdown ... 
a goal that players can understand . 
omega is just there . 
end of story . 
that 's right ... 
all you do is watch , and there is no victory . 
what 's lacking is credible story , and a good 1 player mode . 
this game is definitely fun if you can get someone else to play you ... 
that 's where it shines . 
what a great original concept . 
kids will really love the fun that the characters and levels bring out . 
racing , battling , bouncing , flying , its all there and more ! ! 
a great addition to the gamecube , especially if you have kids ! ! 
i enjoyed this game very much . 
the graphics were well done . 
the game was too easy to beat . 
overall   do n't waste your money or time with this game . 
this is one of the best games i ' ve ever played . 
the beauty of grand theft auto is the complexity and the openness . 
find your own fun . 
yet , play station 2 proved to me that they were the exception . 
they put out a quality system and made it where it incorporated the old games 
grand theft auto 3 was the first game i bought ! 
steal a taxi cab and pick up fares.the game is violent . 
and fun as hell . 
i ' m wondering if they 'll make more from this series ? ? 
wargaming then you should look for   master of magic   also over at gog.com 
another better game than the age of wonders series is   warlords 
iv with the 1.04a or 1.05 patches . 
visually , burnout is a superb looking title with solid visuals . 
the cars are very well detailed . 
burnout is a true arcade racer , and there 's no doubt about it . 
the smaller vehicles are easier to control as they are more nimble . 
what makes it even more grueling are the consequences   
this has happened to me once too many . 
the analog sticks work great with the game . 
that and the right analog stick is compatible for acceleration and braking . 
this game has had such a strange type of hype surrounding it . 
you are surrounded by complete chaos . 
it is truly almost overwhelming from the get - go . 
it is very much an extreme 80s arcade experience in chaos mode . 
you can unlock 3 more characters in this mode as well . 
however , this mode is a little unsatisfying . 
initially , the missions are very easy and very short . 
you 'll burn through about 20   of them in no time . 
there is no speech from the mission contacts . . . 
it 's a completely crazed and confusing gaming environment . 
you do have some relatively nice options for dealing with this . 
speaking of aiming . . 
it 's completely mindless . . . 
outside of this , however , it does n't excel   althought 
and i must say that it 's a wonderful improvement . 
it is no where close to halo in terms of video audio . 
and midway makes really great games . 
and i managed to find it in a five dollar bin . 
this is truly a lucky day for me . 
until i played it .... 
then i remembered why i put it the basement . 
pun intended . 
the a.i . 
but if you were to uppercut the a.i . 
what the hell was this game made off of , a 50   budget ? 
if that ps could talk it 'd say    
oh god , please get this f - ing virus out of me !   
and when it says on the back of the game .   
seven humiliating stage fatalities that sends your opponent plummeting to there embarrassing death .   
that 's you , your the opponent . 
its bad enough that you have to remember all the fatalities and trademark moves 
, now this?to sum it up.the game play 
was awful.the a.i . 
the story sucked.forget water - boarding . 
forget guantanamo bay . 
it does n't even come close to torture compared to this game . 
and the game gives more than enough saves to easily make it through levels . 
this game is all based around the element of fun . 
the game can not be taken seriously . 
overall its worth buying if you just wanna have a bit of fun . 
being rude to the neighboors is always fun . 
the echidna signing off . 
as a game , it 's okay . 
that 's why it got three stars . 
if you do n't have a lot of patience , skip this one . 
the graphics are nice , yet a bit choppy at times . 
the sound and realism is where this game falls short . 
it 's more   quot cartoonish quot   than other shooters out there . 
the sound is tremendously unimpressive . 
this is very similar to the first rainbow series . 
next time i 'll play the demo first.take care all . 
the main character has attitude , but also loves her friends . 
this game disturbs you at times but in a good way . 
get this game if you 're into darker plots . 
i bought this controller years ago , but only opened it recently . 
it even has a throttle switch . 
this amazing fighting game is a stunner in more ways than one . 
vampire night for playstation 2 is a perfect translation of it 's arcade counterpart . 
however , one must remember that vampire night was an arcade game . 
the d - pad and the analog stick work surprisingly well with vampire night 
those who crave fast arcade shooting action will love vampire night . 
you can get three new levels . 
once you beat it you get the weather changer . 
each level is fun and has shortcuts . 
i like this game , but i would rather have ssx tricky . 
at least it 's better than that stupid dark summit and pacman world 2 . 
lucasarts should make a sequal for the next set of consoles . 
is it something groundbreaking ? 
nah ... is it something that has n't been done before ? 
nah ... is it still a pretty darn nifty game ? 
you betcha ! 
four sides to choose from gives a nice variety of units and such . 
anyhow , i ramble , hehehe , did i mention this is a good game 
and you should buy it ? 
at least until golden sun 2 comes out . 
this game is absolutely flawless in every way . 
you are going to get for the gba right now . 
forget the new tekken or sonic advance games that just came out . 
i love ffvii , it 's my favorite rpg . 
i bought this because my old copy was damaged . 
it is n't on and just gets really irritating after a while .... 
well , no ! straight away ! ! ! 
but i ' m just not ! 
super smash bros . , 
originally for nintendo 64 was a great game ... 
but compared to this , it is and has nothing . 
the best characters are link , roy and donkey kong . 
the best multiplayer game ! 
this game is semi easy to beat 
, every mode.an excellent buy and a timeless game . 
this game sure is long . 
a simpler storyline would have been better . 
it also takes forever to get anywhere , the character walk runs so slow . 
it was only   10 anyway 
so it was worth the money . 
ok first off no dot - matrix gameboy title is ever worth   400.00 
this outdated game was bad then , and worse now . 
get your metroid fix withmetroid prime huntersthe instead ... for about   20 bucks ! 
well , guess what , mr . 
smarty   metroid prime is good . 
really good . 
in the beginning , metroid prime suffers from its own expectations . 
there are a few minor problems with the game . 
well done , folks , well done . 
it 's so simple , yet a fun game . 
guess i ' 
m just weird.about 
part of my childhood consists of this game . 
a genesis gem and one of the finest the system ever produced . 
it raises the obvious question . 
is tricky worth the cash if you already own ssx ? 
whelp , consider this , even though tricky is n't completely fresh 
, it 's substantial enough to squash any challengers out there . 
other tracks are ready made for monstor grinds . 
it 's all creative stuff and really fun to ride on . 
mastering the huge library of movies is guaranteed to hook you hard . 
do n't settle for anything less . 
get this controller if you are in need of an xbox controller . 
it is a good controler , and easily fits in your hands . 
do not get any third party controllers ! 
i ' ve had dosens break on me for xbox gamecube and ps2 . 
pay a little extra , and have the controllers life extend much longer . 
i ' m not very good at . 
m an expert ... 
in short   
i should have beaten this game by now . 
this is unusual for a castlevania game to do to me . 
the music selections of this game are horrid , but thankfully forgettable . 
it would have been nice to have an original design for the character . 
maybe there 's a plot point that covers that . 
perhaps simon belmont married dracula 's daughter ? 
hopefully there is an explanation   
this game is a must have . 
super fun , and plenty of game . 
i play this with my kids , and we have hours of fun . 
go spartans ! 
i bought this basically for one game . 
i wanted to use the debug room for ff vii . 
it worked ! 
i have n't used much of it lately but i plan on it . 
its just fun man , check it out ! 
i 'll cut to the chase by talking about a single aspect   atmosphere . 
this one may be the most atmospheric might magic   in the whole series   
no , i ' m not exaggerating . 
tinting and colored lighting seems to be a great help . 
alvar feels like a small town and not like a set of polygons . 
variation on the age - old theme really   questmaster    dungeon    monsters    
questitem    questmaster    levelup . 
and there are still problems with npc interaction   or lack of . 
villagers are still drones telling us the same lines over and over again . 
many players label this series ' pure rpg ' -- and quite falsely . 
serious sam   is fun and intense . 
it 's all about killing , killing , and more killing . . . 
oh , and there are some secrets by the way . 
and boy , do you have to destroy many diverse villains . 
you have headless suicidal bombers who can also scream when they run toward you . 
you have creepy fishes that shoot out electricity out of their bodies . 
and of course , you have some awe - inspiring environments . 
the location is entirely set in ancient egypt . 
, i had a very good time playing it . . . 
and you should , too ! 
this video game stank . 
rpgs are generally plot story - driven . 
the plot on this story fizzled quickly . 
the relationships between characters were not really developed . 
save your money ! 
it 's inexpensive 
i ran it on my windows 
me and it ran okay except for some intermittant sound card problems .   
jango can also zip around using his jetpack . 
like how he got the slave 
i and how he became the model for the clone army . 
now this is n't always an easy task . 
it pretty much keeps a constant framerate , much to my relief . 
the graphics are fairly good , from the speedy laser to jango 's helment . 
the sound   like most star wars games   is excellent . 
the laser blasts and music all sounds like star wars . 
this game could have been better in several different aspects . 
the gameplay needs to be improved , but i do n't know what ... 
you can not quite put your finger on it 
but there 's something missing . 
i also believe that the level design could have been spruced up some more . 
i really wanted to , but i just can not . 
i desperately wanted to like this game . 
i love a challenge . 
but i was betrayed ... as i played further 
oh my . 
why not just give a character more movement ? 
more attacks?spells appear on little goodies called coinfeigms . 
the number of coinfeigms to be collected is very impressive , too . 
however , they are entirely useless . 
for all the game 's difficulty , spells imbued in coinfeigms are hopelessly underpowered . 
firstly , it takes forever to raise your levels . 
the stretches between levels are long , long , long . 
secondly , the skills you earn with higher devotion levels are almost always useless . 
these two things make the game very difficult.and 
i mean very difficult . 
the towers made me want to kill myself , quite honestly . 
i discovered the   stupid loophole   
i mentioned above . 
the beauty of it all ? 
fazz accrued 99   of the experience and became a death machine . 
it became even easier when my weapon of choice became a bow    arrow 
a game that is too difficult is not fun . 
a game that is too easy is not fun either . 
get the one you 're most comfortable with the controller for . 
for jaded 21st century gamers , of course . 
but a little bit of history and nostalgia . 
gives this title a luster that the former editions lacked . 
i immediately became addicted to it 
all over again- 
it 's almost exactly like the original . 
this game is definately worthy of the 5 stars . 
the music is enthralling .   
so you might want to check that out too . 
one of my all time favorite games . 
i had 10 hrs to beat this , so i played 10 hrs 
rolling , jumping , shooting , slashing , flying , whatever it takes . 
it only took me that long to beat it . 
this game is the bomb . 
addicting gameplay , fun bosses , you name it , it has it all . 
so you can punch them until they die . 
the graphics are very anime like and that is how they should be . 
a vs. dbz game is good 
but i think rpg suits this series better . 
it was hanukah actually and my friends had a huge box . 
i looked at them and they handed it to me . 
i was pumped . 
i also had both my legs 2 ribs and 3 broken fingers 
so i was in the hospital for at least a week .   
my friends spent 650 dollars on me that day .... 
the games they bought me were lugis mansion   
great game   crazi taxi   average   
i still have my cube and my daughter plays it often . 
but i still play my silver cube often 12 years later ... 
every pennyhappy gamingharris eugene blake 
that i have a 360 i rarely play goldeneye anymore . 
this game changed the way we play games , totally . 
this is a must buy for you ! ! ! 
this is based on the multiplayer demo , which i downloaded 2 weeks ago.i 
first realized that the game uses the quake 3 arena engine . 
very good . 
next thing i realize is the menu layout . 
it   stinks . 
it is just plain terrible . 
i then realized that multiplayer games were a sinch to get into . 
very good . 
then i realize , these graphics are terrible ! 
i found the aiming mechanism to be quite inaccurate at times . 
the next thing i realized is that the guns are all about the same . 
machine gun , bigger machine gun , 
smg , smaller smg , sniper rifle , grenades   boring 
sof is nothing without it!!!hope this review helps , but i got ta run . 
it 's still one to check out . 
there is no slow down whatsoever on this game . 
throwing bombs and sonic blasts are a joy to watch . 
you will have chosen the right one . 
i gave it four stars for lack of background graphics . 
och where are the highlanders ? 
if there were highlanders this game would rock ! 
wham !   
to your heart 's desire . 
own.ff is a fun and novel approach to pc gaming . 
the real value of ff will be in the mod community . 
so that you play your favorite heroes . 
so how does microsoft 's console 's controller stand ? 
this game has very good graphics but the excitement is not so high . 
this game is very theoretic and leaves you thinking . 
but hey , that 's just me ! 
this is one of the best ps playstation   games . 
right along with games like   quot finall fantasy 7 quot . 
better than the   quot tomb raider quot   games also from eidos . 
however , raziel than evolved and grew wings before kain . 
you have a large collection of weapons with wich to do this . 
your bare hands , or claws 
like halo , obi wan is made specifically for the xbox . 
the multiplayer light sabre duels are exceptional . 
i thought that this game was a pretty good one . 
the only problem with the game is that i thought it was insanely difficult . 
at first it 's fun and easy . 
but soon it gets to be a real pain . 
the game is awesome . 
its a classic that might not be for everyone . 
there are more but i just do n't feel like getting into it . 
the enemies style look unique and interesting , the abilities still look devastating , and 
levels are really nice looking for a gba game . 
it sort of has a cartoon feel now that i think about it .. 
the music is great and really catchy . 
go and play kirby   nightmare in dreamland if you have n't already . 
this game is out of this world . 
5 stars   
but yet fun.you do n't go around shooting everything in sight.you 
have to actually have game plan when go in the missions unlike gta3 or gta 
vc.this game is a must have for any stealth game fans . 
much of the addictiveness comes from the crisp and innovative fighting system . 
it 's strange to see a game that got so much right 
and , yet , got so very much wrong . 
halo lands you in the role of the master chief . 
he is the last of his kind . 
a genetically enhanced super soldier and the ultimate weapon against the covenant . 
even though they run at only 30 frames per second . 
the particle effects , the snow , the weapons , everything looks great . 
the controls are awesome and take no time getting used to . 
there are plenty of different weapons and vehicles to become familiar with . 
you can play threw the campain with friends . 
in my eyes this game is a system seller . 
the playstation dualshock controller is by far the best controller ever made . 
it is beyond comfortable in your hand and super durable . 
i expect a lot more from an x - box game . 
it 's hard not to like batman . 
some of the missions get tedious , especially the batplane scenes . 
if i were writing this review for the ps2 version it would be much different 
i ' m sure.so in summation , 
i 'll start out by saying this is a great game . 
here comes the annoying part . 
diplomacy is incredibly annoying . 
and there are moments when you just want to bash your monitor in . 
and there are no cheat codes . 
espionage , also , has been made very expensive and risky . 
it seems like it was made to follow up civilization 2 . 
i think this is its mortal flaw . 
it 's historically inaccurate and incredibly frustrating . 
i have it also on dreamcast and the sound and graphics are better . 
this game offers new tracks . 
i have nothing good to say about this game . 
but i doubt they will remake this game 
, it did n't have a big audience then . 
i would appreciate it 
but i not gon na cry over not having a new one.play the original . 
on dreamcast or n64 
if you have those systems . 
or get a really good emulator for pc and game on that . 
there are n't that many reliable emulators so make sure you do your research 
one shot , one kill . 
this game would be the absolute best game of this type online 
riding in vehicles would be a plus too ... 
this game is plagued by only a few minor flaws.the gameplay is simply amazing . 
this is the best basketball game available for the ps2 right now . 
this game was released in 1996 ! ! ! 
i bought it when it was relatively new 
i already had the simcity game   whatever was current then .. 
i think 3000 unlimited ..   
it 's difficult to trace my entering simcopter fandom with this game , but enter 
what 's this ? 
fire , ambulance , police , etc . 
these activities form the structure of the   game .. 
.. at first you thought they   forgot   to finish the game graphics .. 
but no its just noise ! 
and what are these animals too .. 
this game   translates well   to most any language . 
you can only use simcity 2000   
yes it 's that old .. heheh   cities to   
just one of those whimsies in life . 
i rather dislike this expansion . 
it will be well worth it . 
and i did nt have to return the game . 
and also the red screen 
the item was just like i was told and came in the time allowed . 
it came in on time and works perfectly . 
very interesting story and a good edition to the dreamcast collection 
this game felt like a movie when i first played it years ago . 
very cinematic feel to the whole game .. 
revolutionized gaming considering 
it came out over a decade ago . 
however when i played it one player i hated it . 
i thought it was too slow and real dodgy . 
but that was before i actually sat down and gave it a real go . 
the smoke goes from white , yellow to red then you let go the r 
and you have a slight boost . 
but it lacks the same competitiveness and fun of the original version . 
the original snes tracks are unlockable in the gba version !   
they should have had more racers to choose from . 
... it is really unfair sometimes 
the music gets stuck in your head - it 's that good . 
i also hear celebrities show up if your party is cool enough . 
has n't happened to me yet 
but i ' m working on it ... 
maybe once i get that swimming pool to encircle the dance floor ... 
4 out of 5 stars for black   amp   white ? ! 
this is mainly because it 's a game . 
you can not have total freedom cuz ' it 's programmed . 
the ai is n't perfect cuz ' computers are n't . 
but as another , perfect world . 
i myself went with the hype and that 's why i ' 
m a little dissapointed.i ' ve got absolutely nothing to complain about the graphics . 
they 're in one word stunning . 
it 's just not all that fun . 
you just have to convert vilages over and over again . 
out of 10 times by finding something   or killing him . 
you 'll only really use the titan for converting and helping villages . 
also it 's very   too   easy to learn 'em things 
and he does n't really do much unexpected things . 
the ai is to blame for that . 
and that 's what bothers me most . 
i want the game to be more . 
but it simply is n't . 
i received the xbox dvd controller as a gift ... 
the remote itself is light - weight and very easy to use . 
she really likes the green buttons .   
excellent product . 
well worth the money . 
when my friend told me about this game , i was like whateva . 
when he went home he left it at my house . 
i decided to se what it was all 'bout . 
there where a few problems , 
but i did n't give ... 'bout it , 
cuz i enjoyed the obsorbing storyline , and gameplay . 
this game is amazing . 
this game really makes you feel like you are living the adventures . 
much of the game is spent killing people , and the realism is striking . 
and i was so into this game 
i stayed up late for hours and hours just to pass this game . 
i have n't felt that feeling since i played final fantasy 7 . 
i mean they totally redeemed theirselves with this epic game . 
another thing that surprised me was the score soundtrack   of this game . 
it really sets the tone for every place in spira . 
it is a really moving game with so much to offer . 
this game is worthy of the name final fantasy . 
this one 's my favorite out of the first 4 
then the game changes quite a bit . 
it becomes dark and dreary.puzzles are harder here . 
many times you have to reenter levels to solve them . 
it 'll take patience . 
but it 's all egypt and really interesting . 
the game changes dramatically all the way to the end . 
rope swinging was difficult , but other than that it is the same . 
shao kahn 's final attempt to control the earth is upon us ...... 
you have no choice . 
defeat kahn 's deadly warriors or die trying.1 . 
32 immediately playable characters plus 4 classic characters2 . 
new brutalities let you pound opponents until they explode5 . 
do not get this game it sucks . 
try san francisco rush or california speed . 
you are in luck   10 bucks for this great game . 
to be honest , i really do n't like this genre 
pretty much everything after this release stinks to high heaven . 
so go buy it already ! 
as far as replay value it is pretty cut and dry . 
anyway , i enjoyed this game a great deal   
or i would n't have given it five stars   
and i recommend that you try to pick it up 
so you could have a little slice of metroid joy . 
please buy wwf raw because it is a 4 or 5 star game . 
legends of wrestling is   bad   
, wwf raw is a whole lot better ... trust me ! 
unfortunately , i was one of those idiots who bought gamecube over ps2 . 
tony hawk 's pro skater 3 is my target now . 
this game is patheticly easy . 
tony hawk 's pro skater 1 is harder than this trash . 
thps3 has a horrible soundtrack too   thps2 's is the best . 
the game tony hawk 's pro skater 2x for xbox is much better . 
the graphics of this tony hawk are incredible though . 
the levels are quite detailed too . 
this game has moves where you go underground . 
wait a second ! 
how in the world do you skateboard underground ? ! ? ! ? ! ? 
nobody even plays as tony hawk ! 
this is a waste of money unless you only care about the graphics . 
if you do n't have a n64 then get one and get thps1 
and you will know what i mean by the skill level difference . 
this controller is undoubtedly the biggest pos ever made . 
non - functional .what 's worse ? 
it 's the best one out there . 
i ' ve had no better luck with any aftermarket 
blinx has had a hard time of it from some reviewers . 
but he 's quite a charming character . 
i can not recall the plot exactly 
yes , blinx has stolen the hoover from luigi 's mansion ! ... 
blinx also has the ground - breaking ability to control the fourth dimension- time . 
but any comparison would make blinx look lightweight . 
hopefully , any sequel will increase the challenge . 
what are you people talking about a game 
should nt be given 1 star just because of the story . 
the gameplay and graphics are good and just because the story is 
dum does nt mean you should nt buy a great fighting game . 
i loved this game . 
brought back memories . 
played this on my playstation and also on the emulator . 
i still have love for the playstation 1 games . 
you just will not be able to see much on the screen . 
you scroll to explore the environments , so it 's very easy to play . 
konami should have lightened up the display and made the game gba - friendly . 
then i would have given it a three - star or higher . 
by now , that honor belongs to super smash bros . 
, super mario world , and super mario 64 . 
a rental time , however is about all the time you need for it . 
m no game wizard   in fact 
rent it , and you take it back satisfied . 
as far as snes to gba transitions go , this is awesome . 
for 16-bit rendition , it 's epic and very time consuming . 
there 's loads to do , and the story 's very compelling . 
and i enjoyed four swords adventures . 
even without four swords though , i 'd say this is worth buying . 
this is not a bad game . 
it 's not a great game , but it 's really not bad . 
mario , or minesweeper . 
it 's meditational but gets challenging . 
it has good music for a game of this sort . 
i ' m not sure what style the music is 
but it 's old timey . 
swing maybe ? 
graphics are great . 
sound is great . 
selection of cars , customizability is great . 
i ' m out   cellio 
a game of endless fun and enjoyment . 
50 stars ! ! 
buy this if you love to be the bad guy . 
the beautiful cgi is flawlessly rendered and outshines 
any i ' ve ever 
the now - requisite final fantasy pop song ,   quot suteki 
da ne quot    is n't it beautiful ?   
by japanese folksinger rikki , is merely all right when sung by her . 
each characters is likable and well - written . 
for one , it 's faster , like the name obviously implies . 
8 stars is insane and is n't most ideal 
it 's so fast 
but it 's a whole lot of fun!you 
but it 's not a knock on the game , 
just an observation.overall 
i especially love it when i get to compete against others . 
bigger - handed people might have a problem , though . 
wise move . 
but unfortunately , sega did n't have the foresight to do that . 
as for the system , it is slightly smaller than a sony playstation . 
graphics run really well on this system and 
i ' m surprised at what it can do . 
but sadly , i have n't seen any dreamcast game do that . 
i actually only missed 2 chances to battle enemies . 
the story is predictable but interesting . 
the characters are very well rounded and you care for them . 
the monster designs as well as the protagonists are extremely beautiful . 
all in all a very enjoyable experience . 
i ' ve been a fan of the ultimate fighting championship since ufc iii . 
the game also has a create a player mode . 
i did n't care for that at all . 
system on which this was tried out   pentium iii 
snakes   lizardmen   
nosferatu vampires   
ratmen   cute , actually   of varying strengths and armament . 
very occasionally a dungeon chamber will be full of vicious little chickens .    
the blacksmith can upgrade as well as repair , buy , and sell weapons . 
the town usurer is a good idea . 
excellent game . 
a must for a beginner or a veteram . 
back in 1996 , i was playing civilization 2 for hours at a time . 
i could n't get enough of the game . 
everywhere i read it was getting 5-star reviews . 
also , the camera angles and camera controls really could use some work . 
except , of course , for that save file you have right before the end 
so you can watch the preview movie for kh2 . 
unfortunately , this one is n't even as good as the old n64 ones . 
plus , the things that they added to   improve   
i am going to trade this one in toward timesplitters 2 . 
i ' ve not played the expansion pack yet 
i thought nfl fever was pretty cool 
but it did n't make me want to buy it that instant . 
meanwhile , a third football game comes on the market . 
i am so glad i decided to wait . 
how about an example that illustrates just how awesome this game is ? 
the announcers actually made jokes about how this could have been a designed play . 
even the instant replays are better than any other game i ' ve seen . 
someone commented that it is a strange menu interface . 
yes , strange no . 
it is n't that hard to get used to . 
it does n't take any longer to cycle through menus than other games . 
perhaps they are reviewing 2k1 ? 
now , my season calls ... 
rob a police car 
buy it now ! 
first , the graphics on this are absolutely incredible . 
i mean , we 're talking near - tv quality in most places . 
but most of all , control on the car is both realistic and forgiving . 
but , it 's realistic - 
what blew me away about this game are the playback modes . 
it is incredible ! 
and i need to rush out and buy a steering wheel and a bigger tv 
and i 'll save the ten grand on buying my own sports car . 
this game is a must have ! 
this game is one of the best rpgs ever made , for any system . 
it 's the first rpg 
i ' ve played with a love story . 
just do n't give up at the end of disc three ! ! ! ! 
many do ! ! ! ! 
however , i remember playing this on the genesis nomad 
not sure what happened 
this did not happen on the genesis console , which is good . 
overall a great game . 
for the nomad i called sega back in the day and found ms . 
this is a must have game and has put more life back into the dreamcast 
time splitters is my favorite game of all . 
there are many weapons you can unlock . 
there are many characters you can unlock . 
here is a sample of some characters   capt . 
night , military . 
stumpy , freak . 
harry tipper . 
i ' m extremely glad i bought this game . 
max payne on the xbox is the best version to date ! ! ! 
there is no comparison to ps2 etc . 
normal output is 
480 horizontal lines of interlaced video - excellent picture 
max payne new york undercover cop 's wife    child are murdered . 
he is framed and pursued by everyone including his fellow police    feds . 
hours of gameplay are in store for you . 
you will not put it down until you solve    get your revenge . 
this online game is the best . 
the online game go more faster . 
how the commercials are all 
anti - gun but you make games that glamourize guns and killing people.can 
it 's glory when it was first released on ps2.there 
was nothing like it before.now,they are growing a little stale.also 
stick to capcom fighting games ... 
they 're just better 
i like the re games and this is one of my favorites . 
if you think you do n't need you old psone version , think again ! 
this game is like playing a new sequal to the re games . 
you never know what to expect ! 
you heard me !   and slash you or attack you by eating . 
they can once in a while enter rooms when you least expect it . 
ok i luv this game . 
and my friends own it so 
on weekends we luv to play 4 way multiplayer all i can say 
is this game is fun and it is a buy ! 
a mobster who really just wants to do   quot the right thing quot . 
as a story , mafia works . 
the cutscenes are surprisingly photorealistic and are well acted and presented . 
only it does n't quite pull it off as well . 
the streets have that very old time look to them . 
' s. the city is also enormous in size . 
even with the graphical problems . 
this is a very nice looking game . 
the sound is also pretty good . 
pedestrians scream , bullet casings clang on the ground . 
even the car radio plays period music . 
making it easy to get lost . 
you can also travel the city in street cars and on elevated trains . 
and there 's always the option of traveling on foot . 
the controls are fairly easy to negotiate even for a pc game . 
so desire.all in all this is a pretty good game for the money . 
but at the current price pc of   9.99 this is a good value . 
i am a big fan of tactical fps . 
games like swat 3 and raven shield appeal to me . 
for some reason , i do n't like ghost recon ... 
the game takes place in a future only a couple of years of . 
for example , swat 3 took place in the year 2005 . 
you know , the ones that remind you of eminem or 50 cent . 
i am excited towards this new approach . 
overall , i am very excited for this new game . 
it has about 10x more weapons and enemies and environments . 
go get it , and keep an eye out for urban justice . 
gamespot.com has great information on the game as well . 
this is ausome at what it does . 
if you liked max payne you 'll love this . 
push something like square and circle you 'll automaticly do an ausome 
the graphics and sound are nothing particularly standout or beautiful . 
eventually that 's all there is to do , and it does become repetitive . 
awesome game ! 
all zelda games are amazing and this one doesn quot t let you down ! 
graphics are fine for a gba game and the plot is great . 
this game is almost better than the original version . 
a must buy for any great vdieo gamer ! 
a video game collection is not complete without this great game ! 
the hype did live up and halo is fun ... 
but there is the con to it . 
you can use your enemy 's weapon and find out they are much better . 
have n't play for long time and love this game as enjoy play . 
it good play game 
but this time it was the biggest and scariest spook i had ever received . 
the zombies are so discusting that they will make you want to puke . 
the selection of weapons is very well - done as well as the characters . 
the best and most realistic scariest game available ! ! ! 
not a game for kids ! ! ! 
just kidding , it will only make you want to pee ! 
overall , a solid and excellent title . 
a most have!!note   do n't think the warning part was true . 
these guys behave very strangely . 
it 's as if two completely different developers worked on this game . 
then you come in and , well , save the day . 
checkpoints would have helped , but these remain absent as well . 
oops.worst of all , though , is the game 's misguided flight mode . 
this flight mode is the single worst part about   evolution . 
putting these weapons to work is bloody indeed . 
plants sway as you pass through them . 
birds fly through the air and nest in the trees . 
vicious crocs swim just beneath the surface of the water . 
the list goes on . 
it 's very immersive stuff . 
everything   evolution   does ,   halo   does better . 
it 's that simple , really . 
this game is a must for anyone who still has a genesis . 
6 awesome games in one is a can not miss deal . 
but i ' ve got quite a few criticisms of this game 
and when it does there is no way of checking 
so it ends up just as a   bad   time wasting 
i really love this game 
what can i say , this is halo ! ! ! 
this has to be one of the best games , of 2001 ! ! ! 
some quotes by these companies include   one of the best shooters ever !    
electronic gaming monthly 
this is the most important launch game for any console , ever .    
edge magazine ... 
halo 's single player game is worth picking up an xbox for alone .    
if you wa n't to hear the story you should buy the game 
but , i will you a brief idea 
what is going on ! ! 
the game begins with the level   pillar of autumn ! ! ! 
4 5the environments and level design were breathtakingly beautiful , too bad 
it was hilarious though ! ! ! 
still the game is great and the a.i . 
the pistol and shotgun were the major highlights of the human weaponry ! ! ! 
the shotgun comes later in the game with the flood parasite ! ! ! 
it is great for close quarters combat ! ! ! 
the weapons were pretty cool 
but , new games with better weapon were released ! ! ! 
the plasma rifle and needler were both awesome and very effective too ! ! ! 
but , it is still nothing compared to the scorpion tank ! ! ! 
however , more than a few people apparently dread combat . 
attitude - know what you 're looking for out of wizardry 8 . 
it 's worth it . 
and then it 's back to nba street 
i go . 
this game is so addictive it 's unbelieveable . 
the replay value is exceptional . 
first off the graphics are fabulous . 
there is no slow down or drop off in frame rate at all . 
thanks to the power of the gamecube . 
the music is great with up to date beats . 
then that it is fine . 
best part of the game is the create a player feature . 
you can create a male or female player . 
this game has the best female create a player i have ever seen . 
you have 2 modes of play city circuit and hold the court . 
they play exaclty the same except they unlock different aspects of the game . 
if you play on the hard level you really need some skill to win . 
next is the hold the court mode . 
in this mode you pick a court and must win to keep playing . 
each court has its set of goals you must complete to clear the court . 
you get to choose different faces , clothing items and shoes . 
best part is you get to create your player to the max . 
there are no time limits to the game and no refs everything goes . 
the same applys with the 2 point shot . 
so stop reading and add this baby to your shopping cart . 
i promise you wo nt be disappointed . 
well that s all for now 
take care and god bless to all ....... later ........ poof 
this game is an excellent two player game ! 
going head to head against your friends is a lot of fun . 
playing the game part of it is good , but not great . 
i have played a lot of worse games , this one is worth buying . 
especially if you play with your friends a lot . 
if you liked ctp   1   game play interface 
the game also has loads of new sea units.diplomacy - 
this area is my favorite in the sequel . 
these are one time , temporary bonuses that you get for performing certain actions . 
go get it ... 
at long last the ps1 version of duke nukem 3d . 
this is the game that duke nukem forever is a sequeal to . 
just as i remember it as a kid . 
i ' m rediscovering this beauty again as i just purchased a racing wheel . 
at the time it came out , it strained older computer systems . 
the replay camera angles are great and you can see yourself driving the cars . 
the computer ai is a little easier now in beginner mode . 
's fun , but not for   10 a month in my opinion . 
if this happens , this will be a real disappointment . 
ea advertises additional downloads off the internet . 
turns out it 's just 4 additional cars . 
it 's still a real treat to play . 
hope my review helped ! 
, you have to unlock them.there are also shortcuts , 
hidden areas and wetsuits found in each track 
it   stinks . 
half finished and then not providing help to the customers who bought the games . 
quite frankly this is the last game i will ever purchase from them . 
this is the best game ever .. 
nothing else to say 
but if you do nt have it , get it .. 
you will be amazed 
that is if you do n't quit before that   
i gave nba 
2k1 a 3 1 2 stars for dc , but after playing nba live 
it 's a 4 1 2 . 
bottom line nba live is an air ball ! 
d gamer247 is out ! 
lgs stands for looking glass studios . 
the company has closed down last may . 
this engine is one of its kind   1 . 
yeap , they can hear where you are . 
you can read from all the players reviews . 
it 's sad that the company has closed . 
do n't get me wrong 
and they would have basically just give up on the game.if 
you want a free online rpg with less lag then get diablo 
the game does an excellent job representing the realism of guns . 
backgrounds are plain and unexciting . 
scenes.the game also shows some pretty amateur problems . 
it will not win any awards for pushing the hardware that it 's on . 
that u both need a gamepak to play the multi - player 
sonic just is n't the same in 3d , and this game proves it . 
this game did not get the popularity or the recognition it deserved . 
you can do so much in this game , it 's too awesome . 
like pick up rifles , ammo , grenades off dead soldiers . 
you can snipe , assault , drive , use heavy ordinance . 
it 's truly awesome . 
cheers ! ! ! 
bg tosc are excellent games . 
but they have a few problems running on modern sound cards . 
audigy and phillips acustic edge . ' 
niether was the live ! 
5.1 for that matter   
i hope this release includes some kind of patch to run on modern machines . 
i think it 's okay 
but it is n't the best game . 
i think dark summit is much more funner this amped . 
wipeout pure is the pod racer game for the sony psp . 
if you like dance    electronic music you will really enjoy this . 
you can always turn the volume up or down based on your preference . 
do n't give up , though . 
you can take on 7 other racers and test your skills . 
that is where this game really shines . 
that 's about it!highly recommended!5 5 
the graphics are also neatly detailed and not bad to look at . 
the sounds and music are good , but the music is n't memorable . 
i find to be pretty cool are the item boxes that contain springs . 
heck , pretty much all of sonic game gear games need as much attention . 
this game is as good as any 2d sonic game out there . 
people are so creative . 
more please ! 
doom is an awesome game , 
ii is an awesome . 
which one is better . 
it 's a tie ! 
they both are so good that there is no dividing line . 
get ready for another green - blooded slaughter - fest ! 
megaman x4 , a game rivaled only by the snes mmx titles ! 
but this time he 's back and ready to kick some arse ! 
in this game , you can choose between megaman or zero . 
the weapons are really cool this time around . 
muah hahaha ! 
get it ! 
the matrix meets the ps2 with dead to rights . 
an adrenaline gauge tracks how many of these you can do . 
you have a variety of weapons to use and puzzles to sort through . 
was it worth the wait ? 
the backer plugs into the console 's dc in and audio video out . 
four buttons allow you to adjust screen brightness and sound volume . 
even vagrant story 's weird custom font was clear and easy to read . 
i could even read the tiny text in the opening disclaimer of syphon filter . 
i ' m playing with a friend 
and we want to sit back and away from the screen . 
still , this screen works fine in two - player mode . 
four players and a multitap might get a little crowded , though . . 
screen has an absolutely wonderful pair of speakers . 
i love them . 
everything came through smoothly and clearly . 
it 's a great little device , and exceeds my expectations in every way . 
sony , in my humble opinion , you rock ! 
there 's good news and bad news with z.o.e . 
the good news is that mgs2 will be the greatest game ever . 
that 's the good news.the bad news is that z.o.e . 
is none of the things mgs2 is . 
the control is excellent , but this game is ultimately just no fun . 
the main characters are pre - teens with incredibly annoying , horribly high voices . 
z.o.e . is like a bad episode of digimon or power rangers . 
the action is very fast , this game has no slow down . 
even when 10 players are in the ring at once . 
the controls are easy and the characters move fast . 
you will notice slow down on the playstation 2 version of smackdown . 
any gamer with an open mind will simply enjoy kingdom hearts . 
disney or square fans will absolutely fall in love with it ! 
the game oozes quality everywhere . 
awesome artwork and animation abounds . 
if only they could change the music though . 
if they would put on some decent music like nirvana or something . 
the sound effects are flawless and most of the voiceovers are extremely authentic . 
unlike most players i did n't have a problem with the controls at all ... 
once i got a turbo - fire controller , that is . 
the camera was the only thing that needed improvement , i thought . 
i admit . 
it was too cool for words . 
kingdom hearts is another squaresoft masterpiece . 
it 's also something for disney to be happy about . 
a masterpiece . 
this is a definite must play game , you will not regret . 
here 's my great ol' review for this red fella 's happy adventure.story   
6 10 okay storyline , but abit pointless . 
also , its abit too happy . 
other games like eternal darkness is more dark and serious . 
this game is just abit too happy.gameplay 
6 10 fun and challenging gameplay , with many moves and twists . 
the game also gets quite boring when you 're stuck . 
there is not much options left .... 
bowser   is vey easy to beat in the end of the game.controls   9 
10 well made , every control is easy to use . 
good enough.graphics   
7 10 good enough . 
very good water graphics , as realistic as possible . 
some courses are not well done.sound   5 10 very annoying music . 
water sounds , and environment sounds are good enough , 
just the music.value   7 10 
you can go for sprites again and again . 
it 's just gets abit boring . 
a bit boring , but still a worth it game for all mario fans . 
buy it . 
a wonderful story and really intresting charecters . 
a good game for d amp 
d fans ! 
the game has no real direction , cartoon like graphics and unimaginative gameplay . ... 
stick to the other rockstar hits and avoid this bomb . 
historical accuracy   except for the final missions . 
the weapons are authentic to the ww2.3 . 
of course , they never miss 2 . 
more linear than a roller coaster ride . 
many many many graphical glitches . 
no blood or gore of any kind . 
grins   this game is incredibly awesome . 
i would place this game up there along with ff games . 
the graphics are as good andthe storyline are just as great . 
yes , you heard me . 
there are ocassional testerone drive dialogues in this game 
so i do n't really recommend kids to play this game . 
it 's tough at first 
but it gets easier each time . 
my kids loved this game which we had previously owned . 
we would definitely order from this company again ! 
the story is pretty much known around the world . 
items will be switched around to different locations as well . 
the graphics are dated , sure , but they 're basic and likeable . 
final note   
i think anyone who has moderate video gaming experience should play this . 
seriously , i played this game in highschool when it first came out . 
i had this game when i was in 6th grade   
i ' m in 10th now . 
i did n't ever want to stop ! 
heh heh ! . 
that 's how , unfortunately , it got stolen.i like how this game was . 
the introduction of yoshi , new levels , and secret courses you can unlock!!if 
however , the battle sequences are gorgeous !   
i like kill - em - all stuff too !   
nobody said ruling the medieval world would be easy . 
personally i think this one had it 's flaws 
and it 's amazing moments . 
better than vii ? let the critics decide that . 
here we go pros great plot . 
developed slow , but it was worth 
it.graphics were good for its time and i can not criticize them for that . 
plus the 3d at the end was pretty realistic . 
nothing like kingdom hearts or some other famous current rpgs.funny characters . 
barret anybody ? 
omega weapon anyone?i love how they have optional bosses in this game like vii . 
ultemecia was supposed to   wow   
me with her amazing power . 
the battle just dragged on . 
ultimate weapon ? 
give me a break . 
it was a great game , and i would definitely play through it again . 
it was worth the ten dollars i payed in full . 
i picked up suikoden 
but upon entering the game , things seemed to be ... only average . 
also , the opening is the games audio highlight . 
do n't expect it to get any better then that . 
but what suikoden ii lacks in atmosphere , it makes up for in substance . 
giving the game unrivaled depththis game is a heavy hitter . 
there 's no doubt about that , but i liked the final fantasies better . 
super monkey ball jr . 
i ' m a bit biased because i worked on this game 
this game is by far the most realistic surfing game i have ever played . 
the graphics are great , and the tricks are awesome . 
when i buy it i was this was a war game 
or you whith 6 patners.all the time.no 
the 95 is you alone vs.100 enemies and is houses , palace , 
definitely worth the money . 
nothing fancy , 
but it 's nice to have good protection for your gba games . 
sim city 3000 unlimited edition is way better than the old simcity 3000 . 
new scenario 's to . 
pac - man is a really awesome arcade game . 
it 's so addicting ! 
you just eat dots while roaming around in a maze while avoiding ghosts . 
and then you could use a special dot in which the ghosts become edible . 
not in 1994 , though , in which they release pac - man 2 . 
look at that cover art ... i do n't think this is maze game . 
there was a pac - man cartoon show in the 80s . 
i can only assume this is a sequel to that . 
that 's right . 
you 're a part of his ventures . 
it 's like a shooting gallery crossed with an adventure game . 
and you only get to use 3 before running out . 
namco did a great job with the making of this game . 
you have to use passwords , so you better write em down .. but 
pac - man smiles as a laughable reaction to the billboard . 
go ahead . 
have pac - man brawl with a cat that stole his hot dog . 
have a farmer 's haystack fall flat onto him . 
you 're not interested in the actual game , pac - man 2 
still has some value for you . 
pac - man . 
pac - man , you can enter these passwords pac - man   pcmndpwms . 
eat the dots , avoid ghosts , you know .... 
all good stuff . 
pac - man in the mix . 
however , considering ms . 
you just simply play as is . 
if you 're a cartoon fanatic , you should pick this up right away . 
if you are looking for an unexpected challenge , the game certainly has that . 
pac - man to satisfy your needs . 
there 's something for everyone here ! 
what a great title to launch a console with ... sure 
, i ve played altered beast in the arcades and such .. 
and i was hooked on it from the start .. 
it was action packed .. 
a great side scroller beat em up ... 
most of all its fun .. 
the genesis version is almost a carbon copy of the arcade classic .. 
even in 2012 ill play alter beast every now and then ... 
and its always a great time .. genesis does ! ... 
what nintendo n't .. you ca nt play this on nintendo ! .... 
i still remember the commercials .. great times . 
i wish sega would put out another console.it would be something special .. 
the best driving game ever . 
this game is the bomb ! 
the whole day could pass by without you knowing it . 
it 's that deep . 
there 's so much you can do 
and you 'll never get tired of doing it . 
i was actually interested in the story for a change . 
the controls are sweet . 
this game is a must for shooter fans . 
i would rate it in my   top 5 all time games .   
this gb is the very first one made . 
even though it is not in color it was amusing at one time . 
but they soon realized that it was not in color . 
well the answer is in this game . 
its hard to turn and all the cars stink . 
i like it 
but it can get boring sometimes . 
this game is ok . 
this is a new - generation videogame machine ... an amazing little thing . 
this is the videogame who   hosted   
talking about sound , it 's perfect too ... 
it can record over a hundred voices , for all i ' ve heard .. 
ps2 and xbox   new generation consoles . 
how can such a little thing have so much power ? 
, it has it 's bad sides too ... 
check them out 
- it does n't play anything but games . 
no cds , no dvds ... 
people say that ps2 has more games ... 
see why i have choosen the gamecube ? 
are you born to play ? 
first off , this game rocked my world . 
i ' m 
i was wrong . 
i loved it . 
the plot twists in the story are amazing and believable . 
the story knocked my socks off . 
as corny as it sounds 
kotor works off of d20 dnd rules . 
the story was wonderfully done . 
game actually outshined nwn for me , and i loved that game . 
i love being able to pause   
i do n't set it up auto - pause   
i do it manually   because sometimes fights 
it starts out smooth but gets more and more potentially buggy towards the end . 
if you own an xbox , get this game . 
despite the bugs , this is one of the best rpgs out there . 
rpg and star wars fans 
, you ' ve got to check this out . 
second , you only get to play each version in marathon or ultra mode . 
and there are 15 levels of difficulty . 
super nes tetris plus   gameboy 
tetris blast   gameboy tetris dx   gameboy color the new tetris   nintendo 64 
this is a fantasy game , so link 's new look suits him perfectly . 
the cel - shading can not be compared to disney   
it 's leagues above anything they ' ve ever done . 
fight , sneak   
practically the most free - form of all zeldas as well.overall 
play it . 
you 'll savor every minute . 
mortal kombat is back again for an all new gamewith familiar elements . 
a host of new characters andold ones return with new fighting styles . 
it 's so strange , the characters in the game often comment   
it 's hard to believe that the nazis would try that . 
the bizzaro plot does not detract from game play too much . 
castle wolfenstein of course is a first person shooter . 
the graphics are hit and miss . 
some levels look very nice and lush - the water looks very real . 
other levels are too dark , and it 's hard to see . 
some parts look good , others look pretty bad . 
is into rpgs.c . 
wants something that will truly mean something in the years to come   
it 's ten years old now . 
this may be rare and expensive , but it still comes highly recommended . 
but it was n't exactly what i expected . 
i wanted to be able to neutralize the threat , and the facilitators . 
not have them be our crutch . 
and , you do nt get good ammo weapons in the beginning . 
it 's annoying ! 
but i enjoyed this . 
the nintendo 64 played host to quite a batch of good great racing games . 
g features single player and muli - player modes . 
some tracks look better than others while the game itself is short . 
good buy ! ! ! ! 
yes , they ' ve finally done it ! 
very , very cool!and those graphics ! 
your characters can wear different outfits . 
unfortunately , your computer teammates do nothing but work against you . 
more often than not , they kill each other with friendly fire . 
this is probably one of the better computer games available right now . 
you will def . 
have fun with this one . 
it 's just that i would expect a bit more from lucasarts . 
this game has restored my view of squaresoft , at least temporarily . 
now , the story is a little less serious than other final fantasies . 
i do n't need video games to teach me anything about life . 
no more bad attempts at slang such as   quot chicken - wuss . 
there was no connection between them . 
they 're in love . 
quot   so to speak ? 
so , he 's got merits , and he 's got flaws . 
that sounds like a pretty rounded - out and believable character to me . 
you see people like that in real life , especially at his age . 
it 's an awesome and very well - balanced mix . 
chrono trigger players will even notice a few double techs between steiner and vivi . 
do n't get me wrong , 
i would most definitely recommend it for anyone . 
this is a must for any true hard core starcraft lovin zerg smashin freak . 
you know no matter how good the graphics get on the new video games systems 
i will always look back at the original nes as the best . 
nothing beats playing a game of the original zelda . 
the game features single player mode , multiplayer campaign mode , and multiplayer mode . 
this game was why x - box was created ! 
i do n't think there will ever be a game like halo . 
halo 's mine and all my friends favorite game , and i ' 
m sure it 'll be yours too ! 
hey , now this is what i ' m talking about ! ! 
the ingenuity of this game is amazing . 
you control little creatures called pikmin . 
there are several types of pikmin that you will meet throughout the game . 
the first type you will encounter is the red . 
they are the best fighters , and are fire resistant . 
they drown when they are put in water   
i learned this the hard way . 
the second type is yellow . 
they have large ears and can fly higher than other pikmin . 
the third kind are the blue pikmin . 
they have gills and are water resistant . 
here , the objects are regenerated into pikmin sprouts . 
when they have been grown fully , they are more efficient . 
there are 5 beautifully designed stages where the parts have been scattered . 
which leads us to our plot . 
you have 30 days to do this . 
yoshi 's island shows a lot of evolution in nintendo 's oldschool games . 
although , in my opinion , they are quite easy . 
the paralax scrolling is nice as well . 
not much else can be said except   wow .   
all right . 
one thing must be kept straight   this game is addictive . 
i am glad i have a laptop 
so i can play it wherever i go . 
i got this a long time ago 
the plot is a very good one , nice and original . 
you probably know all the plot stuff already , by reading all these reviews ... 
combat is usually fun , but it gets repetitive sometimes . 
fighting bosses is fun , and sometimes they require skill to win . 
this game is the definition of a button masher.it is hard . 
but if you stick with it you will berewarded . 
you liked playing sniper in moh 
well have fun with this one gang ! 
the missions are tough , but fun . 
the graphics are pretty good , not great , but good enough . 
this one 's a sleeper . 
i highly recommend it . 
m a hard - corps combat gamer and i love this one . 
you will not go wrong with it , believe me . 
it 's exciting at times and a bit scary in spots . 
and , this game has saves and plenty of them 
so you do n't have to worry about that ... 
buy it , you 'll be glad you did . 
this is where it truly shines . 
graphically the game can only be described as a work of art . 
but my copy is going on e - bay ... 
i still have nt finished the game 
and i ' ve had it for over six months.but 
great gameplayfun charecters40 
some say it does nt match up to n64 versionmay be too   cutsie 
this game is awesome . 
this game rocks . 
in my opinion madden will rule nfl 
blitz 's and nfl 2k 's ... 4ever . 
this was a great game . 
it 's great for when you have friends over . 
it 's fun , cute , and addicting . 
i love all the characters like yoshi and peach . 
the graphics are amazing . 
it 's really a step up from the previously - loved mario party games . 
... the game itself , while somewhat neat looking , was ridiculous . 
the weapons were all stupid and unrealistic ... 
a rule , i only buy memory cards from the console 's manufacturer   
ie   microsoft . 
you will not even notice it in your controller . 
-- she 's little more than a toy doll for him to have his way 
this was one of the first final fantasy games to be released in europe . 
i also liked the ending a lot . 
got this game yesterday ... finished it yesterday . 
took all of 8 hours to get from beginning to end in medium difficulty . 
the lack of multiplayer seriously hinders replayability 
it 's fun . 
true to a point . 
you see , the game is divided into 7 different ' chapters ' . 
each chapter has around 3 missions . 
what you do in one mission only effects 
what the other mission in each chapter . 
you line up your shots and pray that the bullets hit the target . 
in hindsight the game never should have been ported to ps2 or xbox . 
get a decent computer and play that version of mafia   
it 's a world of difference . 
hopefully the flaming disk wheapon will be in this too . 
hopefully you will be able to save . 
in the original you could not save .   
i had to keep the nes powered while i rested between playing .   
i should probably e - mail my brother about this ps2 version ... 
even if it adds some missions   i love the subway station one !    
and new weapons 
it is still the same game as rouge . 
hunt quot   etc mode . 
weak.boy thank god 
i saw the cuts on cartoon network , 
yes i watch dbz 
and i am 34 yrs old 
and yes i have plenty female   friends   here in the caribbean .. 
the witty narrator , the corny spidey small talk against the villains- 
all thrill me because i grew up idolising spiderman . 
heck at age 11 i was spidey ... 
well at least a black spiderman living in the caribbean . 
it is awesome and i am yet to get past the vulture . 
i just started and this game is oooodles of fun for me . 
i ca nt wait to conquer it and unlock the good stuff . 
i recommend it to any spidey fan . 
.. i can live with it .. 
definitely the best ps2 adventure story game for me . 
i am still trying to figure out ffx . 
the aki system provides the best wrestling simulation of all games . 
i did n't find anything to be repeatative or boring . 
it 's a lot of fun . 
i gave it four stars because of some of the frustration i encounted . 
then it 's a rental . unless you are crazy insane for this game 
, you will only need to play it once . 
i traded mine in for drakan after i was done . 
the graphics are really nice and the sound fits in with the game perfectly . 
the sense of speed in this game is quite a rush . 
the game is pure fun . 
this game lives up to the hype . 
the fluidity of the controls and the movements are second to none . 
every new development just wanted me to press on further and finish the game . 
the story is actually good and coherent . 
ups are your sort of thing . 
all of the legendary mario games rolled into one ? 
i remember playing this game 2 decades ago when i was a little kid . 
the music for this game is a bit catchy as well . 
this is why i give the overall rating of 3 stars . 
, just think twice before you purchase this game . 
this game is cool when you first buy itbut 
given all the hype around this game , i had expected something phenomenal . 
my recommendation is to save your money and steer clear eq2 . 
want a paintball game ? 
there s like 100s of players online and an easy to use multiplayer lounge . 
this game is so cool ! 
this is cool ! 
also rare is the fact that each one has been good . 
soon sin , a monstrous beast destroys the city and tidus gets swept away . 
in - game graphics are great too , although mouth movements are off . 
and it blows . 
the characters sound so lifeless as if the actors just read the lines . 
you know   get so much exp , gain a level ? 
it 's gone . 
so it 's trial and error basicallydespite those minor mishaps 
i just got this game and it 's pretty good . 
what is the deal with that ? 
the artwork is out of this world as well . 
get it . 
it 's worth it . 
really entertain.here come some pros and cons of the gamepros1- 
you can save your progress on sewers entrance   
quot tie fighter is the best space combat game ever made . 
- yes , this is true . 
but this is handled nicely by the well constructed plot . 
you even get to fight alongside vader himself . 
what more could you ask ? 
you keep hoping there 'll be something new , but there is n't . 
let 's do a rundown by detail.graphics 
in battle.the backgrounds range to beautifully picturesque to   
let 's see how much brown we can get away with .   
the cutscenes are pretty epic . 
and they give you lots of incentive to do them . 
he is mr t.   
i guess someone at square really liked the a - team . 
kinda awesome . 
oh , and she has a thing for cloud , for some reason . 
speaking of that ... aerith   the obligatory love interest.red 
he 's a lion that talks . 
he 's the most level headed.cid   
a washed up , foul mouth old pilot technician   my favorite . 
he 's a shapeshifting vampire 
and he 's kinda sad about it.his past happens to be kinda messed up ... 
he 's even sadder about that.yuffie   
was the lolita ninja a trope before this girl?cait sith   
10.the only complaint is that is had no multiplayer , cheats , or unlockables . 
one of the most epic 2 1 2d shooters i have ever played . 
it 's so good it even has its own ost album . 
fantastic arcade basketball gameplay ! 
just awesome!!!i really love this game , even better than the first one . 
that is one distinguishing factor of videogames from movies . 
not necessarily true for videogames ! 
have fun!mc white said   check it out ! ! ! 
in my words ,   go get a real game . 
the game is exciting and challenging with definite replayability . 
do yourself a favor and buy this game . 
you seriously will not be disappointed . 
but at second glance the game is an rpg masterpiece ! 
characters from the final fantasy series are here too . 
from aeris and cloud , to squall and yuffie , to the legendary sephiroth . 
the music is great , and gameplay is too . 
it has a ton of secrets as well . 
the only other problem with this game is the annoying camera angles.overall 
- too many people are gon na overlook this game because of the disney characters 
this is a great game . 
it really is cute . 
i also heard knuckles ' action can be use as an attack . 
personally , how cream can beat most of the bosses is my favorite . 
now , there are indeed some disadvantages with the game . 
here is a list of them 1 . 
the special stages are fun . 
the catch ? 
try getting to the special stages . 
please do not get these confused with normal rings . 
anyway , how do you get them ? 
you have to find them . 
bye   to all the rings you managed to collect.3 . 
in other words , you get no rewards for beating the game with her.5 . 
there is some repitition . 
that about concludes it for me . 
where in the blazes do i look to find out how much ammo i 
but i have one more thing to moan about . 
someone kills wife , but you are the one charged with murder . 
and then you end up having to work for a gang mafia . 
sound familiar?rent it to just have the experience , but do n't buy it . 
tough , with broad list of varieties and not too fast to play . 
1 . build slowly   do n't make too much housing at the beginning . 
you will spend too much money if you start too fast . 
2 . build with care   leave space for additional buildings . 
3 . watch your ratings and advisors carefully ! 
it 's six legions !   
and keep the festivals running . 
for futher info or comments please email me . 
it takes forever to develop a plot .   
i ' m the slowest gamer in the world 
i remember playing contra and super c. this is another really great title . 
the graphics are a bit better and you fight really cool bosses . 
it is also cool to carry 2 guns instead of one gun . 
the aliens is a really outstanding game and a am addicted to it . 
do not buy this game . 
it was like the game was n't even finished.now 
and i m pretty good at shooter games- 
but the second mission was only that much worse.i have a rule , 
try metal gear solid , or syphon filter , or anything . 
all.please , i ' m warning you , do n't buy this game . 
you will get far more pleasure out a dollar double cheeseburger anyhow . 
i tried installing hl2 for 6 hours before i finally gave up . 
i kept getting   error 1305   can not read hard drive   messages . 
the answer   faulty disks ! 
so it 's playable   20 - 45 minutes .after 
by the way , forget about tech support . 
i emailed them 3 days ago , and have heard nothing back . 
of course , you can try   live tech chat .   
good luck with that , if you can even get connected . 
in fact , i think it is inane to think otherwise . 
how can you rate a car that 's nearly impossible to get into ? 
and many people play this on xbox- live ! 
your spatan 117   the master chief   
you must defend the earth from the covenant army . 
executive summary   good action rpg flawed by meh ending . 
review based on the 1.005a patch . 
that 's the latest version as of now . 
quite a few bugs in earlier versions diablo style action rpg . 
it 's mostly an open world game . 
but it is possible to tackle regions in the   wrong   order . 
you can go crazy . 
it 's no bard 's tale 
but there 's still plenty to laugh about.the user interface 
is mostly good . 
the buy sell menus are clunky and user unfriendly 
but you get used to them after a while . 
mages get lots 
fighters love to bash but can develop various utility spells for tactical advantage . 
and so on.but what about the endgame?about 3 4s of the way through the game 
your character will become the divine one and take on the big bad . 
that part of the game just is n't developed well . 
before you had 3 giant maps you could explore . 
that 's how long it took me . 
la de da.but overall , the game rocks . 
the boring endgame just drags the game down to 4 stars instead of 5 . 
4 stars is still a good game in my book . 
each of them unique.my experience playing the game has been very enjoyable so far . 
it sounds like a blast , though ...   
however , crashes have been few and far between . 
this will regain some , but not all , of the lost exp . 
in addition , a character can not lose a level due to dying . 
bear in mind , this game has been online less than a year . 
i respect that . 
if you are defending albion , may the light of camelot shine on you . 
i hope you are ready to taste albion steel ! 
classic game . 
works on retro duo system . 
i would strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys classic jrpg ' s. 
the music is just bad and that is inexcusable for a music game . 
where are all the catchy tunes ? 
quot   skip umjammer and get parappa . 
or you want to learn about the video game history . 
what 's left to say about halo   combat evolved ? 
it feels awesome , and you can choose what kind of controls you prefer . 
well , that 's about it , 
even if you do n't , you should atleast rent it . 
not a single xbox owner should leave the plataform before playing halo . 
... there 's not a second option , dear gamer ... 
the only option is   this game kicks a   . 
and i really hope bungie will not let us down ... 
, halo is a must - buy game for anyone who owns an xbox . 
that 's it , do n't waste your time reading even more reviews . 
it does not even work on half of my games . 
in a sense , it is a movie . 
the original game presented an amazing surface . 
however it suffered from terrible voice acting and a somewhat dull story . 
capcom extremely went hard at work for their sequel . 
powerful hype erupted when resident evil 2 was announced . 
anxious gamers could n't wait to get their grubby paws on a copy . 
resident evil 2 altered the gaming industry . 
other home console companies decided to cash in while the genre was sizzling hot . 
konami cashed in with silent hill . 
survival adventure games went mainstream . 
quot   while playing on a big screen t.v . , 
re2 is the strongest and most remembered in the series . 
when catching a glimpse of re3 , excitement was absent . 
re3 seems it brought the entire series in shame . 
the story must take a new direction ! 
the slogan ,   quot if the suspense does n't kill you 
, then something else will , quot   lives truly in the second game . 
metroid prime is awesome . 
it is fun , challenging , and graphically beauitiful . 
i have had no flaws with this game . 
everything is perfect . 
i think metroid prime takes the cake . 
the graphics gameplay and sound all equal up to one perfect game.graphics   
all my friends told me this game is a lot of fun 
so i put it on my christmas list.when 
i played it 
talk about an alphabet soup ! 
nfl 2k3 on the ps2 or xbox 
football games on the ps2 and xbox both have pretty amazing graphics this year . 
add on to that great movement animation and even facial expressions after plays . 
the stadiums all look very realistic . 
, it gets old very quickly . 
that is definitely not a problem here . 
you can set the weather , from no precipitation to 100 . 
you can play in the daytime , evening or night . 
you can deal with injuries , fatigue , windspeed . 
special bonus codes - also unlockable - produce an interesting twist on the compeition . 
the computer game version stuck to the board game as closely as possible . 
.it 's pretty fun 
- i ' ve played it a few dozen times and really enjoyed it . 
overall , it 's a cute game . 
nothing will come close to this game till final fantasy tactics . 
then to keep my ff account bought the game . 
they tweaked , messed with and took away , yet i stayed . 
now months down the line i have not played in weeks 
the lag is very bad . 
i ran off cable and dsl , both systems with different rates of speed 
still can not handle the lag that the servers are under . 
do n't pay to play this junk . 
these three games are the most quotable games in history ! 
had it 's bugs and was less than perfect . 
i do n't think there could possibly be a better horror title out there . 
if the next tomb raider plays this well then maybe i 'll buy it . 
i ' m stuck on the light mirror puzzle . 
something else i hope becomes industry standard . 
quot vae victus ! 
quot buy this game , you know you want it ! 
great for first timers and veteran gamers . 
appropriate music adds a nice atmosphere . 
this game is cool if you like the simpsons   which i do   
it will not matter if you like this game or not . 
this game is ok but not great . 
thq adapts sam raimi franchise into a resident evil dead kind of morph . 
the dreamcast graphics are very pleasant especially compared to the grainy playstation version . 
the opening sequence plays like an new installment in the series . 
bonus with bruce campbell voice acting , double bonus . 
the bulk of the game is battle against 20 different deadites . 
you can use an axe , a boomstick , a pistol , or rifle . 
they shoot fairly accurately and you must provide ammo for them from random sources . 
in fact this game a distinct rpg air to it . 
limited save points old text adventure style writing   
cool   and powerups think rpg light in evil dead world . 
for the film buffs the cabin is reproduced faithully . 
fans of the sam r. should pick this up on principle . 
not much else to say except its lots of fun . 
i consider myself a jaded gamer and i jumped more than once . 
groovy period .. 
destroying tanks , killing , good storyline , fun game to play . 
absolutely explosive at first . 
then it goes to the regular first person shooter scenario for a while . 
all in all a good buy for about 6 dollars . 
this really is n't a part of the final fantasy series . 
and yes ... you can really jump in this game ... 
there is no way this game could be fun at all . 
very boring do n't waste your money . 
this is what crazy taxi should ' ve been . 
classic simpsons humor , great animation and cute storyline . 
it will have you hooked for hours ! 
great game ! 
all i can say is i rarely beat rpg 's 
i normally get bored maybe half way through and stop playing . 
i believe it was the games reasonable difficulty and funny story line . 
this game is real fun once you get into it . 
i played the first level and i did nt know exscactly what to do 
but then i got the hang of the controls . 
i foudn this very useful . 
its a very fun game . 
but there 's a problem . 
your task is to essentially rescue your vault 's populace from dying . 
quot dangit tycho , get out of the way ! 
is that they followed this game up with an even better sequel ! 
i love this game system . 
it was a waste money . 
this most awful computer game i ' ve ever played . 
the storyline is boring and confusing and the graphics and voice acting are terrible . 
and then you have to listen to some awful dialogue for a while . 
save youself the frusteration and boredom and buy some other game . 
whatever else you might get , it 'll probably be better than this game . 
if it 's worse , you have my sympathy . 
rockstar is one of the best game developers for the ps2 format . 
secrets , special vehicles , etc .   ... 
ground control is a good strategy game for you strat fans . 
great graphics , units , and interface make it very enjoyable to play . 
they also will not respond to your commands readily under fire . 
the apc main repair command vehicle   is the most stupid of them all . 
it does not respond readily to repair commands when you need them most . 
just a couple of problems , but overall well worth the money . 
dungeons are like running threw a maze and battles are ok . 
there were a few different moves and some looked interesting . 
i 'd say at least everyone talked 
there was only one really cool scene kinda in the begining of the game . 
i could watch that part several times.overall 
i 'd say if you can rent this game that would be enough . 
only buy if you can get it really cheap , otherwise do n't bother . 
i 'd say it 's for teens mostly . 
one problem i did have was the packaging did nt come with a keyboard . 
i ca nt tell if its just a cracked disk or something . 
this ps2 dual schock 2 is definitely worth it . 
i ' ve owned it for about 4 years and it still works perfectly . 
that may seem like alot but you really do n't realize it . 
this controller is also pressure sensitive . 
as for the cord , it 's long enough . 
it 's simple , light and perfect . 
highly recommended ! 
if you get a chance to buy this game , pass on that ! 
the game sticks to the same winning formula of the past titles . 
these have been revised from past games to make them more player friendly . 
they are all well done with dramatic music and familiar voice over . 
the new first person gun models look great . 
the vast number of   firearms   all sound distinct and are very impressive . 
the hud has been cleaned up and better laid out . 
with ghost recon it seems that rainbow is n't going to be outdoors much . 
the enemy ai is very good . 
yet it does n't do this in any clever manner . 
often they will   destroy   them selves with their own   explosive item . 
a lot worse . 
for some reason they all use full automatic with whatever gun you assign them . 
nor can they slowly open doors . 
this is done with some good graphics . 
character models are made with lots of polygons and great textures . 
some of the faces look photo realistic . 
no longer are you bothered to log in to msn to play . 
the game comes with an in - game search and browse screen . 
setting up filters makes it easy to find the kind of game you want . 
these are difficult to access .   
these are the ups , but now for the downs . 
, you will be quite in luck . 
it 's up to you to decide which of these features is most important . 
it just happens to be a lot different from the other entries . 
dw7 has an interesting storyline and characters . 
to start it off , i did have a problem with the game . 
i contacted tech support and they knew the problem right away . 
you will bee able to read the text ! ! ! ! 
i have a p3 850 , and this game runs slow and clumsy . 
sure , killing your subjects is fun and the pet feature is nice . 
however , the interface controls are simply to complex . 
skip black and white .. 
if you 're looking for a good strategy game , look no further . 
it 's a slow , boring game.you can choose to be either dr . 
alan grant or ... a raptor . 
both have their problems . 
why would dr . 
and why a raptor be killing other raptors ? 
one of the slowest , sluggish and dullest platformers i have ever played . 
you know what i m talking about 
... sure , it might look like a little system but it has power .. 
i still go wow .. because the detail is amazing .. 
you might ask .. 
no weird motion thingy or a wannabe ipad interface here .... 
the gamecube did nt dissapoint . 
see my wii - u review for what i mean .. 
i laugh and laugh 
the playability on this pc version is terrible . 
the controls do n't work like they should . 
the puzzles are annoying and outdated . 
the layout of the route you follow is redundent . 
the game is tedious and slow . 
the plot and dialogue are corny . 
i think you 're better off with quake 2 or enclave . 
one of the best rpgs that virtually nobody played . 
it is an amazing value ! 
harvest moon is a role - playing game like no other ! 
i even had my doubts when i played it 
but it instantly became one of my favorite games of all times ! 
if you own an snes get this game ! 
but still it does n't mattersound- 
it 's snes goodness , worth any price , but it 's kinda shortreplay- 
i was at the store and i saw this game . 
i had to make a decision between either this or operation flashpoint . 
the graphics ..... 
well .. are graphic . 
for example when you throw a gernade or shoot your gernade launcher 
the sound effects are just as awesome . 
enemies can sometimes not be realistic . 
other than that the game is quite fun . 
also getting on the internet to play is even more fun . 
i almost feel like 
i ' m playing paintball or laser tag with other people . 
i play at around 36k or even lower and it seems to do fine . 
m glad i did 
and it works really smoothly on my two year old laptop ! 
it even comes with a demo for resident evil 3 nemesis ! 
that said , this is not resident evil . 
this game has dinosaurs that look and feel like jurrasic park dinosaurs . 
the enemys are so well used in the game that they are completely plausable . 
the enviroments were dynamic and look really good on ps1 . 
metroid prime is definitely overrated . 
i 'll take the original 1986 version with its inspirational melody thank you very much.- 
i mention this game feels like a ripoff of mega man legends 2 . 
it 's also a ripoff of quake ii , the classic pc shooter . 
you have vines that pop out of walls and pretend like they 're snakes- 
these are just annoying to shoot . 
you have wasps that swarm from hives and dive at you- 
it is very irritating to take out a swarm of these . 
there was nothing like this in super metroid . 
nothing was irritating about the enemies in that game . 
how can it be ? ? ? 
it 's boring , overrated , and not very fun . 
this game gets a 2 out of 5 , despite the fact 
amazon keeps saying 
i ' m giving it a 5 out of 5 . 
trust me , i ' m not . 
soldier of fortune is a breakthrough of violence in the gaming world ! 
but that is all it is . 
the game uses a heavily modified version of the quake 2 engine . 
the characters look somewhat blocky . 
the worst part of the game is that it is extremely repetitive . 
you kill person after person after person , that 's all you do . 
by the end of the game you 'll have killed over 1000 people . 
the story was n't worth telling , and the enemies never get exciting . 
you 'll dissembody every conceiveable body part . 
you 'll here men screaming as their skin burns . 
you can not keep a good rayman down . 
explore 10 maps in each of 3 distinctive universes .   
enjoy a superb blend of high - speed action and adventure .   
perform cool moves like running , swimming , climbing and jumping . 
even attack by throwing your magic hands .   
this is the finest installment of madden yet . 
the graphics are tremendous and beat the pants of nfl 2k2 for ps2 . 
but anyway this game is outstanding ! 
go out and buy it ! 
why is this ? 
i could not tell you . 
most of the other reviews have highlighted all the great things about this game 
so i will not repeat what has already been said . 
this glitch automatically makes the inside of any created wrestlers mouth bright pink . 
i mean , the legs are n't supposed to be the best thing about them 
, right??every other character has some form of stereotype tied to them as well . 
it shows effort in its crafting and that 's what counts . 
this game gives fighting video games a good name . 
before the gamecube came out , there was the original super smash bros . 
for the 64 and that was a fantastic game . 
when i got the gamecube , that was the first game that i wanted . 
first of all , this is a really fun game . 
however , you did n't buy this for the campaign . 
you bought this for the multiplayer options . 
in this area , halo 2 really shines . 
the maps are great and the gameplay is very satisfying . 
you will not regret it . 
when the demo of thi game came out i was pumped . 
then i playedthe demo , a bit dissapointed . 
so i had a few extra bucks to spend so ibought sof . 
was i dissapointed ? 
, it gives the most splended graphics 
any game has had so far . 
there are many weapons . 
a lot of weapons you must actually slavage off the battlefield . 
most weapons deliver a massive punch , and some do nt . 
multiplayer is n't anything special , and it should n't really interest anyone . 
trust me squaresoft fans ! ... 
very , very cool game . 
most original battle system ever . 
the graphics really good for a gba . 
do n't pass it up guys ! 
greatest wrestling game ever , to this day . 
fun , and very real controll like features . 
can not say enough how great the game is . 
fun game ! 
never played a dragon with an attitude of kick butt until i found spyro . 
with this game you play through each level in the movie . 
this is when james bond was james bond . 
you can get any kind of weapon just about through the whole game . 
and you can even play with some friends on missions . 
if you have never played a n64 what are you waiting for . 
5 out of 5 . 
super fun . 
everything about jet grind radio has classic written all over it . 
all in all an excellent game that any dreamcast owner should have . 
this game was alot better than when i first bought it . 
at least video game divas do n't need implants . 
sly cooper is easy to control even though he has lots of moves . 
no jumping and crashing as in mario sunshine . 
the graphics and locations are colorful and original in design . 
the music is pleasant and appropriate . 
the boss battles are challenging but not impossible . 
kids and grownups alike can enjoy this game equally . 
i must confess to having a somewhat lacking knowledge of turn based strategy games . 
however , i may have just been persuaded ... 
advance wars simply oozes it . 
you will not tire of this easily . 
a wonderful game with a great story . 
but it 's fun to try . 
the knuckles and rouge levels drag on forever 
but i do nt know if you can do that for rouge . 
thief 2 seems a little less convoluted than the first game . 
the whole atmosphere is one of tension and fear . 
gauntlet   dark legacy is midway 's update to gauntlet   legends . 
rest assured , this ps2 version is a perfect translation of the arcade game . 
3 was the way the fighting actually looked real . 
the combat is much more dynamic . 
holds and counter - moves play an important role . 
there is one new character to unlock but he 's not the end boss . 
so the emphasis is more on multiplayer . 
nothing out there can compare , not even tekken 4 . 
it 's truly groundbreaking.bottom line   if you 're looking for a fighting game 
, look no further . 
first of all the graphics are ... 
but the player 's look and movement are amazing ! 
better than any other edition   very realistic and fun to watch . 
well this time that does n't work . 
i ' ve heard talk of ai cheating and that is most certainly true . 
eventually , 2002 will be a better choice than 2003 ... 
this is a fantastic title . 
in fact i was so thrilled witht he reviews of it 
i love it . 
i have n't seen a festival yet 
but the visiting people are unique . 
you have to wait days for responses . 
this is almost too realistic for a video game . 
it used to take me 30 minutes just to go to the bathroom . 
i mean were talking number 1 here and that was ridiculous !   
anyway back to the game . 
if you want a game that is fresh fun and entertaining well get this . 
i also hear it is even more fun when connected to the gba . 
now i do n't own one and am not really planning on it 
i am curtious . 
kind of a gimmick in my eyes 
but oh well maybe i 'll try it out . 
i enjoyed smack down and raw . 
this one is a rare one to find . 
this also is a great one to get if you like wwf . 
i really love this game ! 
it 's one of my favorite games of all time . 
it was the first rpg i ever played and loved every minute of it ! 
companies do n't make games this good anymore.this 
and it 's optional to fight him . 
i guess the most noticeable feature are the environments that the game provides . 
every environment that mario enters is just awesome ! 
oh , by the way , the bowser levels are awesome ! 
fighting bowser himself is very fun as well ! 
this is great for younger gamers . 
i guess the worst part of super mario 64 is the lack of replayability . 
my rating-9.2 ! 
almost no   
quot loading ... 
in fact , you always have to go somewhere . 
it gets a little tiresome around the middle . 
they 're not scary , they 're almost cute . 
i thought the spiders kept me on edge more than the seck . 
i got wreckless with the antipation of owning a new fun xbox game . 
i , being a veteran gamer , was left sorely disappointed . 
the graphics are fantastic but who cares when the gameplay is lame . 
they say the physics engine is accurate . 
i do n't see it . 
gta3 's better than that . 
make seeing where your going a huge hassle . 
bottom line , save your money or just rent it ! 
... again ... there 's some real issues with the artwork here ... 
but that aside this game is still brilliant.the characters interact with eachother well and 
jedi outcast is everything you could ever want for a sequel to jedi knight . 
for anyone who enjoyed jedi knight , this game is for you . 
but you already have it , 
you get each game of the series in this great collectors edition . 
but you know you really got it for the keychain ...   
he ends up helping the rebels by retreiving the original death star plans . 
mediocre graphics , relatively fun gameplay . 
however , it only features guns as weaponry . 
if jerec uses this power for the dark side , destruction would reign . 
after the first few levels , kyle receives his lightsaber . 
your selection increases with your progress . 
jedi knight has two outcomes that result from two styles of play . 
in the beginning , you can choose from powers on each side . 
it is rather fun , but the graphics are n't so great . 
the multiplayer on msn gaming zone is quite interesting . 
i reccomend the saber battle 
x mod which greatly enhances lightsaber combat . 
there are numerous mods that make the game much more interesting online . 
jedi outcast is the pinnacle of the series . 
it is the best yet . 
eventually , something happens that convinces kyle to regain the force . 
he goes to the massassi temple the rebel base in   a new hope , 
then , you move on . 
the force powers are greatly improved and a lot more fun . 
lightsaber combat is varied and as improved as the force powers . 
there are new items like electrobinoculars and sentry drones which are neat to use . 
multiplayer is really well done , too . 
it 's more a separate game than it is a   mode . 
there are a few problems however . 
you definitally need to aim much higer than the system requirements . 
there s slowdown in outdoor environments , some puzzles can be tedious . 
you 'll want lots of ram for quickloading . 
other than that , very few problems . 
nothing to make you not play . 
i own every rainbow six game . 
i am so so so disappointed , the textures in the game were old . 
i say if you like playing it online , go for it . 
and i was glad it blew the living heck out of me . 
i 'll start with the controller , since that is not addressed very often . 
the gamecube controller may look funny 
and , i ' m not going to deny it , 
that is a weakness . 
now 's the time to . 
the game also has 3 endings depending on the choices you make . 
this game has it all . 
in gta   vice city , it 's nothing like that . 
everthing is smooth ! 
fast - paced ! 
i 'll tell you why . 
when i had gta 3 with a 32 bit graphic card it was slow .... 
that 's what i ' ve got.the missions , of course , are phenomenal . 
you.this game just has it all . 
you can do everything ! 
but a great sequel of the fps ! 
this game is a fresh rebirth of the computer classic wolfenstein 3d . 
we 'll give i d the former . 
but let 's look at what this game is ... fun ! 
it stays true , and blasting hitler 's minions has never been so fun . 
on b.j . 
the nazi 's do n't speak german, ... but english .... 
hmmm , captions would have been better here . 
definitely a classic in the mk line . 
it has arived with dark alliance.i have been reading some of the other reviews . 
you do n't even get to choose their name or roll their stats . 
however ... the characters are customizeable as you raise levels . 
you can access two higher difficulty modes . 
while many things are the same , many more are far different . 
this sort of turns the sorcoress into a walking artillery piece . 
i would highly recommend it . 
god , how many star wars video games are on the market today ? 
the voice acting is excellent , when it 's there . 
but i have to say after all the hype 
, i was a little disappointed at some aspects . 
wonderland , which is one i was most hyped up about to see 
, also let me down . 
seeing all of the square characters was a particularly gleeful experience as well . 
cloud was definitely put to right in this game . 
take your time with the game and have fun with it ! 
i put it in for 3 season 
plays    just did n't like it . 
maybe i 'll get around to it again someday    reviese my review 
so it 's not a priority at all . 
after a while i started to get really addicted to it . 
i learned to love it . 
, it gets much better . 
these extenders work as expected . 
i had never played an rpg before   
fps is my thing   
but i ' 
m a huge star wars fan . 
the graphics are mindblowing . 
the story is better than most of the eu books that are out there . 
once i got used to it , the gameplay controls were not bad either . 
this is a great game and deserves a chance . 
i do n't understand the difference between certain guns as i did in halo . 
then cross over into the rts world and reign of chaos ! 
you will still need a sound overall strategy to win ! 
one of blizzard 's many great products , this one is worth a spin . 
it will not play and there is no update to make it play . 
i can not really rate it because of this problem . 
this game is most deffinintally an attention graber ! 
i had a blast summoning exodia at the end of the game . 
and my dragons are unstopable . 
have fun and maybe one day ... 
i 'll challenge you ! 
it 's high - speed action from there ! 
the soundtrack is the best!gameplay   5 fun   
sonic 3 is , in my eyes , the ultimate 2d sonic experience . 
at you in the launch base to the peaceful wintery music of icecap . 
sounding finish . 
i mean , come on , who ever heard of an underwater carnival ? 
k   has no underwater areas and is a bit more challenging . 
you can not go wrong with rtcw . 
unless you can not meet the system requirments . 
the game has beautiful map designed combined with realistic wwii weapons . 
the pistol weapons are completely useless , and the advanced weapons are inconvinient . 
most of the time you 'll use an automatic weapon or sniper rifle . 
you 're a fan of fps 's in general you need to own this . 
this is one of my favorite computer games around . 
the graphics are great , and the gameplay is terrific . 
lots of fun with this one . 
perhaps the best console game ever . 
worst off , you don   
even though it   65533 s 
, i felt that i never really went to london . 
why did they spend all that time re - creating london if you can   
65533 t even explore it effectively ? 
such a waste.i   65533 
ve heard that in britain , they at least got a map of london . 
in the u.s . , they didn   
65533 t even bother . 
i don   65533 
t know . 
anyway , we need a map . 
when you finally do reach a destination , they don   
not too fun when you   65533 
re being shot at by cops.finally , the drives are very long . 
they didn   
only with the monotony of driving does it seem bigger.there are some other problems . 
for example , you   65533 re mission is to kill this one cop . 
of course , they really meant was that you lead him into a room 
so you could kill him in a cut scene . 
thanks team soho.there are some great points to this game . 
the a.i . 
, despite criticisms , is excellent . 
nothing terrible like lance from gta   vice city . 
the controls are slightly clunky , but very intuitive . 
the graphics are excellent . 
much better than gta 3 or vice city . 
the indoor portion   about half the game   is by far better . 
being a cop , the police don   
65533 t harass you . 
also , the missions are fun , but not annoying or frustrating . 
all that being said , the second half had a flow that was amazing . 
i played the second half of the game in one sitting.i 
still think this is a good game . 
likely to be the most collectable video game in the world . 
i know i would n't be without it . 
i love all the games even mario bros . 
2 , which gets the most mixed reviews of the smb series . 
and if i could underline love i would . 
this is so huge who would have thought that there was room for improvement . 
i 'll take mario in any form . 
truly a masterwork . 
this is one of the best games from ps1 . 
i do not play this game -- bought it for the grand kids . 
this is broken into two parts . 
final fantasy 4 is first then chrono trigger . 
note that the combined score is 4 stars . 
final fantasy 4   the prodigal son returns some would say . 
this time it is the athentic japanese version too . 
not anymore . 
the script is the original . 
as if the game was n't hard enough to begin with . 
the music is still the same old 16-bit music but it still is moving . 
the story is very deep and contains death , betrayal , and love . 
this was back when square focused more on story than on graphics and cinematics . 
speaking of which the cinematics are beautiful . 
they do show ! 
this game received 4.5 stars . 
chrono trigger   the prequel of chrono cross with many sad problems . 
the main one is the hideously evil load times . 
these mainly occur during the battle and non - battle mode changes . 
the lag time is about three seconds in many places . 
the slow down also makes it hard to build levels without going mad . 
the slowdown also affects the anime movies . 
the beginning sequence is jumpy and seems to progress very oddly . 
the music is very well done as well . 
who could forget magus 's dark theme or frog 's heroic overture . 
as an added feature you can ! 
this usually occurs after you get to ... the end of time . 
insert onimous music here . 
all in all the game received 3.5 stars . 
my recommendation would be to play this first . 
do n't let the title mislead you . 
this is an awesome game . 
however , the magic system is a little confusing and impractical . 
the problem is this . 
if you like the story then get this . 
frag tag is awesome ! ! 
i bought donkey kong 64 for my nephews birthday . 
i owned and played this game when i was little . 
this is the game that really got donkey kong going and recognized . 
after over a year of waiting for this title , i feel dissapointed . 
the fmv sequences are breathtaking . 
the sound is virtually the same as the previous two adventures also . 
the game itself has introduced an ability system , not complicated but more stupid . 
why can only 2 characters use summons ? 
limit breaks are not as good or easy to get . 
zidane looks like a girl ! 
it is in my top ten all time favourite games . 
playing 9 i did n't have the same passion to play it . 
in some fighting games i ' ve played the characters move slow . 
i ' ve heard that they move slow in this game 
but they do n't . 
i played this game for not to long 
but it was still cool . 
i think that this would be a good game to have . 
but , first , the story . 
and the shine sprites are missing . 
and you guessed it . 
peach is kidnapped again at some point . 
luckily , mario has fludd . 
i absolutely love fludd . 
i love the hover nozzle , which lets you control your jumps much better . 
each world has a good amount of shine sprites that you can get . 
eight are in different episodes . 
two are secret . 
one is from 100 coins . 
a harbor . 
a sandy beach . 
an amusement park by the sea . 
it 's pleasant . 
it 's like i get the vacation that mario and peach planned on . 
the important thing is that this game is fun , and it certainly is . 
the positive on this game is that it is beautifully illustrated . 
but the puzzles and rather simpleminded . 
your character is young women who is an attorney . 
also i expect more from the music of such an artistic game . 
having said all that , i probably will buy the sequel that is planned . 
maybe one day i can beat it ! 
i like the bigger one better , it 's more sturdy ! 
and but i do like the fact that the disc doors wwill never malfunction 
.. that was really annoying , whenever i opened the disc on the bulkier one 
but i do n't like the cords .. 
they get burnt out after six months .. 
the gameplay was very good in this game . 
i believe i spent more time watching than actually playing . 
the storyline was very easy to follow . 
this was my first shot at playing a game that involves stealth    
i loved the challenge ! 
i already bought splinter cell because of this game . 
i plan to get hitman and tenchu wrath of heaven next . 
i will keep this game and replay it later . 
i already have   mgs 
solid snake eater 3   on my wish list . 
this part of the game is beyond frustrating . 
all evasive maneuvers are pointless . 
the enemy also always knows where you are unless there on patrol . 
the damage model is also horrendous . 
the only headshot that actually kills someone is the sniper rifle . 
it was made in 1994 , but who cares ! 
the game is awesome ! ! 
i could nt ever wait until tails could actually fly . 
that s cool . 
you should play it 
and i have to say , i was impressed . 
this game was great . 
looking for a cycle game with lots of speed an action ? 
then you need to check out this game ! 
even customize the driver , oh well maybe next time . 
i ' m curious how they hold up over time . 
rainbow six 3 is a first person shooter crossed with splinter cell . 
you are the leader and can direct the teams as a whole to positions . 
you can not direct them individually . 
you get on one or two saves per mission . 
this game should easily deserve 5 stars . 
it has an awesome single player and a lot of multiplayer stuff . 
is that a joke ? 
you get a choice for most of your characters and each game 
you can try different jobs to see what you like . 
this game has alot of memorable characters and pretty nice graphics . 
the story is also impressive and stays interesting . 
i ' ve played it numerous times and still love it . 
do i reccomend this game ? 
of course i do . 
will you get your moneys worth when you buy it ? 
yea , you will ... 
5 stars ! 
but cant ... 
i do n't even know and i beat the game . 
you should do that with every game , just to make sure . 
this was by far the best baseball game of it 's era . 
if you want a classic baseball game , this is the best choice . 
well this game is great 
i played it for months and was the reason i baught a ps2 . 
but now its old and i ahve other games to play , 
lovely wreaks and movement of cars as well . 
its got such a great choas factor in it . 
the product arrived in its original case with game booklet . 
the case was cracked and the cd had minor scratches on it . 
the gameplay controls are very confusing and difficult . 
it takes some getting used to . 
the sound during gameplay will randomly crackle and or stop all together . 
overall i was not happy with the game itself . 
i had no problems with the provider or the arrival of the product . 
this is one of the best ps1 games out there . 
she was his only living relative . 
she takes a plane to the island , and she sees ... 
her grandfather is dead , in a real pool of blood . 
but they 're far from being bad graphics , trust me ... - fun   
it 's fun because your adventures happen since before christ , until 2000 ... 
you can use weapons of that particular time , clothes from that time ... 
and there is a lot of violence in this game too . 
and it 's really frightening ... 
another fun thing is the sanity . 
- educative   
but there is also plenty of blood and 
violence.- durability   
nor should grand entrances of the wrestlers . 
little to no scratches . 
a great start for bungie 's first game , now for the ps2 . 
i think it would be cool to make one for gamecube . 
i ca nt afford to buy a ps2 just for one game 
but i and i bet lots of other people would buy one for gamecube . 
please consider this.i love this game 
it 's a lot more fun and easier to start . 
i 'll have to admit when i first began playing i was shamelessly addicted . 
the game is fun for a short while but gets old real fast . 
i still highly reccommend this game for a boring tuesday afternoon . 
it 's totally convoluted and makes no sense . 
but aside from that confusion , the actual gameplay was engaging . 
i thought it was n't going to be that good 
but it proved me wrong . 
secondly , this is a lot more challenging . 
the enemies remain challenging and are never impossible to beat . 
the only tough enemies are the bosses and i find the bosses very challenging . 
the other amazing upgrade to this game are the interactive battlegrounds . 
but in this one there are tons of traps . 
also , you can shoot down planes and get health from helicopters . 
now , here 's the reason i gave this game 4 stars . 
then , when you finaly get health you do n't gain alot of it . 
enjoy the challenge ! 
three architectural styles also are in this game as well . 
a pity the third installment came nowhere close to this . 
i know that does n't make any sense . 
proving that the best is n't always the newest and the loudest . 
resident evil survivor , the black sheep of the resident evil family . 
however , it is not unplayable . 
this game just is bad . 
stay away unless you 're resident evil thru and thru . 
nnycw for capcity . 
better than unreal ? 
as good as a current fps title ? 
no way . 
the sea battles are pretty good and the story is moderately entertaining . 
but some parts are really fustrating and confusing . 
overall it could have been a much better game ... 
simple is n't it ? 
but then the real worthwhile part about this game is its originality , 
the monsters are all inside of the areas , towns , caves and caverns . 
halo 2 ... 
after beating halo 2 , i decided to look into playing on xbox live . 
hands do get tired of being in certain positions , after all . 
other controllers break the first time you throw it or just accidently drop it . 
in the past few years , star trek games have been getting better . 
the addition of sulu training you is a big plus to this game . 
this game can be very challenging and requires a strategic thought process to progress . 
this game is one of the best on the market . 
graphics are great and the game play is very smooth . 
did i mention that it 's scary as hell too ? 
it 's worth owning a gamecube just for this title . 
it 's a classic , what 's not to love ? 
and we could trade    
can we ? . 
wow its pretty amazing how far this series has come ... 
d so far this is a pretty cool game ... 
i mean it is a cool game and all 
everything you read is true about this game . 
no spongy movements or slow responses in combat . 
when i got older   
you do this by completing the aforementioned tasks . 
in every level there are five tokens to be collected 
additionally , in some levels , mr . 
this is a true under the radar gem for playstation 2 . 
hard game to find , but worth finishing from start to finish . 
welcome to vice city , home of the 1980s ! 
this game is very fun . 
rockstar phoned this one in . 
i would recommend if you 're a fan of the series . 
warcraft was a hit in its day . 
this game has everything . 
it is unlike any first person shooter game that has ever been created . 
in this game you can train in what you want to do . 
and another thing i like about this game is the augmentations you can get . 
so please do nt hesitate to get this game . 
you will definetly not regret it . 
this game is way to easy . 
do n't get me wrong , the graphics are incredibale ! 
there is just no point to this game . 
my friend also has this , or i should say had it . 
he smashed it and threw it in the trash 
he hated it so much . 
do n't buy this . 
get sonic and knucles instead . 
moto gp was to me , a disappointing motorcycle racing experience . 
this game focuses too much on simulation than the arcade style gameplay . 
chrono trigger ... the greatest rpg ever made . 
no matter what anyone says , it is truly one of the best . 
the opening fmv was amazing   better than ff8 . 
and then i started to play . 
everything was going great so far , then i got into my first battle ... 
what the heck ! ? ! 
this is only the beginning.chrono cross is a truly fantastic game . 
you really have to give it time to develop however . 
or you do n't have the pc option . 
the pc counterpart of this game has graphics that are much prettier and higher end 
pc 's will not have the framerate problems that bog this system down . 
let me say this is some of the greatest gameplay ever created . 
you can interact with almost every object around you , useless or not . 
really there are no bad points i can think of 
, just do nt let the kids play this one . 
this game is closer to the reality way of the samurai than onimusha . 
3 secret characters include 1 . woman in the turtorial   
sht is getting old .... 
a ninja warlord   ?    
is highly respected or feared by the games foes . 
a space age robot simular to huitzuil .    
i would n't use his head even for a hundred yen !   
does the main character sleep in a tree or by dojima 's hut ?   
don dontalouse .... ? 
but ... he reminded me of kareem from enter the dragon 
so he was n't that annoying .   
at least for me it did . 
the quasi realtime battle system is n't that fun . 
it 's true sonic adventure 2 batte needs more adventuring.sonic adventure 
dx let 's you go 
i almost feel compelled to defend soul reaver 2 . 
but really why does that matter ? 
and is n't that what we want as gamers 
i wish they 'd make a   battle realms 2 . 
this game is an awesome rpg . 
i love how they combined disney and final fantasy together to make this game . 
the second game is good also . 
fighting is sick and majic system is good . 
definitly worth buying . 
almost teases you with terror , if i can invent a crappy new phrase . 
the standard us xbox and pc versions of sh2 also include the minigame . 
warning   lock and key puzzle 
rant    is anybody, ... 
i mean , is n't everybody sick of stupid lock and key puzzles ? 
really ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! 
how 'bout some new ideas ? 
very arcade style game play . 
very easy to learn the controls . 
the graphics where pretty good too . 
there a little cartoonsih but nothing to bad . 
this should tide you over till then . 
not tropico ! 
your leader carefully and make your decisions with the island 's population in mind . 
i found it difficult to raise and maintain a loyal army 
, to building up archaeological sights for attracting revenues . 
i guarantee it , so you ' ve been warned ! . 
torture , assassination , bribery etc . 
this was one of them . 
the games of the early 80 's were so simple , yet so addicting . 
this game is the opposite . 
highly recommended game for anyone . 
classic ps2 game , only problem is you can not play online anymore 
but it is still a very fun and twisted game . 
for the rest of us it just does n't cut it . 
the graphics are straight out of 1992 and the control options are sad . 
do n't pay a penny for this , folks . 
move on to an ea game . 
rbs are stopped in full stride by shoestring tackles . 
offensive line programming is horrible . 
so what if it looks pretty ? 
it plays like crap . 
best game on the market when it came out . 
i spent an entire vacation playing this game . 
i am usually bored to tears with a game in a few months . 
this lasted for 3 years and well .... now it is losing its glamour .... 
power stone is one of the great gems on the dreamcast . 
this game was a breakthrough among fighting action games . 
up there with final fantasy tactics . 
that is the fun in the game.your missions require some planning and thought . 
do n't be mislead - this game is a great shooter ! 
you just can not go in guns a blazin ' every time . 
you are limited in weapons and some may get a bit bored . 
i liked that . 
so if that is the case , you would have limited weapons to use.enemy 
ai is a bit lame .   
lol   at times 
i was disappointed by this . 
i do n't care if the graphic was 3d 
it was still good . 
finally getting around to reviewing this game . 
mk trilogy is a great mortal kombat game . 
the graphics are good for a older fighting game . 
similar to the arcade ' s. 
the controller configuration is good . 
this game has a pretty decent size roster of characters to play as . 
including bosses , like shao kahn , goro , kintaro . 
if you have a ps2 you can play this ps1 game on it . 
i have a ps2 w   hd cables . 
my ps3 has hdmi hooked up to a 1080lcd . 
just exposing the pixels a bit more . 
i still get down on it . 
if you have a older tv and play it on there 
it 'll look it 's best . 
i recommend this game to anyone into mk games and old school fighters ! 
it 's religion , though , where this game differs from the others . 
you do n't build up warriors to kill it - 
this is a good game worth playing . 
i really recomend this . 
please buy this . 
i first got this game at agarage sale . 
any day i always mk1 first . 
still very fun to listen to . 
i usually get lost in it   graphics - meh . 
the graphics are fair , but they 're not the best . 
even then , its not the best . 
and who who could forget scorpion 's bloody spear ? 
the fatalities are gruesome , thought not as bloody . 
if you do them more than once , they drain more health!overall - 
buy this ! ! 
it devlievered on nothing it promised . 
something goes wrong with your game ? 
wait for a patch . 
that also includes any funcom game including their upcoming mmorpg . 
this peripheral is awesome . 
definitely get this . 
game got kinda repetitive toward the end , just throw more enermy at you.3 . 
somewhat limited weapon selection 
got a good one by altezhun . 
seems almost like new and functions great . 
highly recommended ! 
this was not in a big box with a manual as advertised . 
hence the four stars and not five . 
very creative and thoughtful writing . 
i am a fan of the myst games on the pc . 
i like it for the xbox , because i think it makes manuvering easier . 
i like the controler to the keyboard and mouse . 
this is a game i got lost in . 
still , it is a game worth having . 
there is very litte interaction with characters though , only objects . 
this is an amazing game for anyone at any age . 
i first played it when i was like 4 or 5 . 
i have just completed playing this game all the way through 
and i was moved to write a review on it . 
if you own a playstation 2 , you must play this game . 
whether you are into adventure or action , you must play this game . 
if you have never played this game , consider yourself deprived . 
this is just totally awesome . 
once you play it , you will never come out the same . 
you can not stop playing this game . 
i was totally addicted.the puzzles in this game are just pure genius . 
but this game is in a league of its own . 
it simply owns the genre called adventure . 
i was up until the wee hours during the ending . 
this game will grab you by the shirt and never let go . 
it has one of the greatest cinematic effects in any video game . 
it plays like a movie . 
all the elements of a great game are in it . 
i am now a believer . 
all those   effusive   rave reviews are all warranted . 
people say that this game is short but i say that it is perfect . 
believe me it is not short unless you go to sites for game cheats . 
it will suck out time from your life but it will be all worthwhile . 
and this game has it all in spades!so to conclude this review 
myst riven crystal key .. etc . 
this is one of the best adventure games i have played . 
the scenery is beautiful from world to world .. even space . 
the purpose of your character s   is believable . 
the concept is brilliant . 
there are different worlds you enter . 
as you go to each of them you become someone different . 
the importance of that is to help you succeed in each world . 
many different characters and puzzles to face . 
the whole game is fantastic . 
there is a few that you will be pressured for time , so save ! 
worth the time , money and brainpower . 
i loved this game ! ! ! ! 
they go as far as to senegal ! 
but of course the game has some , well .... alot of flaws . 
like the airport   this is were the fun factor comes in . 
there is 2 courses and a mini game area called crazy box . 
the graphics are good , they are very smooth , clean , ect . 
the sound is crisp , lots of different voice samples . 
but in the sound comes another flaw , it 's the soundtrack . 
the soundtrack features   offspring and bad reiligon . 
this is the biggest drawback overall the game is worth ten bucks . 
here 's my ultimate beef with parasite eve . 
a dry lukewarm bowl of oatmeal and no milk . 
bleh!my other beefs with parasite eve 's -cut scenes before boss battles . 
what ? ? 
already mentioned in other posts too .- linear , linear , linear ! ! ! 
ok not final fantasy 13 linear , but close to it .- boring story . 
think of a corny scifi movie 
and there you have it . 
nothing new or exciting . 
whatever that is because i totally missed it . 
it 's a fairly easy win , but here 's the catch . 
after the battle you have to run from the creature through a ship . 
game over start over from last save point . 
is this enough to make it a great game ? 
in this case 
no ... ahem 
... check please . 
i mean a lot . 
that would be great , but i do n't . 
sighanywho , all is not lost . 
if you 're looking for a classic rpg 
that 's worth while why not check out -vagrant story- or -threads of fate- . 
a few months back i played -vagrant story- 
and it was actually pretty decent . 
the graphics engines on 3 and 4 were almost identical . 
does it feel like another add on pack ? 
it plays like a different game entirely . 
are the cops   sob ! 
and the range of cars and bring on the porsches ! 
there are tons of them and everyone is different . 
cars movement is more realistic as is collisions . 
one bad hit will do your car a lot of damage unlike before . 
the graphics are also the best of their kind . 
i still played nfs4 more when i first got it 
but this game is the bees knees . 
you wo nt be dissopointed unless you want to be a cop ! 
go for a ride ! 
this is probably one of my least favorite ff games on the psone . 
there are some good things and some bad things about this game . 
to me anyway , it does n't look entirely like those games . 
the other characters are good , not great , but decent . 
okay for the good parts of the game   1 . 
the cinemas ! ! ! 
2 . ending ! ! 
i am not saying anymore . 
the battle system . 
it 's not quite ff8 and not quite ff7 
but it 's in between and has the trance system thingy . 
the wavebird controllers do a great job ! 
you can control your game from the other room 
this game is just as much fun as rollercoster tycoon with extra stuff in it.if 
you do n't buy this game with its other 
this one would be on it . 
anyway , this game is great . 
thirty brand new levels , with tons of tricks and surprises . 
but the gameplay is flawless . 
i highly recommend this game ! 
dc 128 bits!very comfortable controller!4 controller ports !   
i 'd even give it 10 if it were possible ! 
but its not to say i was never a fan . 
i was . 
i am though , very fond of the first two bof games . 
capcom did . 
in their effort , they shaped something entirely new and unsuspectingly praiseworthy . 
what struck me most about bof was the balls capcom had . 
they presented some of the most oddball characters ever made . 
all throughout the vast lands , dragon shines were found . 
the hides of animals are traded in towns for several items . 
but of all the minigames , ryu 's ability to fish was awkwardly addicting . 
the only exceptions are the upgraded view of vibrancy . 
grateful of the gba port , i propose rpg fans to take a look . 
i ' ve played   
it 's better than most movies too . 
the plot is deeply woven and contains many shocking twists and turns . 
yes mj-12 really does exist and hey so does unatco . 
i ' ve seen they are n't going to within the next year . 
i tend to disagree with other reviewers in my beleif that j.c .   
your character   sounded just right , cold and calculating . 
artifical intelligence   could have used some work . 
can not wait until dx2 ! ! 
this was my first attempt at the horror genre . 
the game was just too slow . 
it required large chunks of time to really get into it . 
too bad , because it looked like it had potential . 
also , the system allows for entertaining multiplayer adventures . 
this turned out to be a major disappointment . 
in the beginning you are really weak and are easily killed by wild animals . 
also , i do n't know why they made it so short . 
the only good thing is the graphics and the storyline . 
the similarities are obvious enough . 
i totally agree with that statement . 
it was that review which prompted me to give throne of darkness a try . 
also , statistically , there is n't much to the characters . 
again , this was another big flaw diablo had for me . 
if you have , it 's probably the biggest reason to buy it . 
serious sam 2 picks up where serious sam left off . 
the game essentially has the same engine with some improvements . 
it also contains new weapons , enemies and of course brand new levels . 
i figured i 'd play it since giving it the benefit of the doubt . 
creatures that seek to destroy the hearts of universe and its inhabitants . 
sora battles the heartless as best as he can but to no avail . 
he wanders about the vast town , lost and confused . 
they 're companions , cid and aerith are met earlier and later . 
the keyblade . 
sora discovers he must also must save seven princess of so called heart . 
kairi herself is an unnecessary character . 
the a.i . 
this is n't the case with the minor enemy a.i . 
the heartless will beat you down more than once if you let them . 
if you 're beaten its just as easy to beat them a second time ! 
just be sure to stock your characters to the limit with healing items . 
its a useless way to make the game seem longer than it really its . 
more world 's you should ' ve been able to go to . 
another major problem within the gameplay are the camera angles . 
the most prominent would probably haley joe osment as sora   
david gallahger as riku was an excellent choice on the developer 's part . 
hayden panettiere as kairi was another good choice . 
the motion capture could be tweaked a little as well . 
the most apparent problem with the 3d scenes were the character 's mouths . 
a 3 out 5 
it 's price 
, you should pick it up immediately . 
star fox adventures will attract many gamers . 
the fur on fox looks incredible . 
the backgrounds are great . 
what 's your reward ? 
the gameplay is a chore.with 
a game like this 
, it 's no wonder nintendo let go of rare . 
zelda   oot is centered around a massive , circular field called hyrule . 
hockshots give you the ability to ascend to higher ledges . 
the ocarina of time opens secret doors . 
the good thing about this is that the past and future are profoundly different . 
the future is controlled by evil , whereas the past is controled by good . 
i never got to far playing this game . 
so i really did n't like this game . 
okay , first let me tell you something before i begin . 
this was my first zelda game , and i was very impressed with it . 
it is extremly violent , extremly bloody , and extremly grose . 
not to mention , this game will give you nightmares . 
my comments are still the same , however . 
wow ie ! ! ! 
that is why i have one or more than one 
5 stars from me ! 
this still holds up as one of my favorite gaming experiences ever . 
when i first got this on release day i was blown away . 
i recently had to repurchase this as it is an amazing single player experience . 
i even enjoy watching others play . 
graphics were top notch at the time and the stealth gameplay was unmatched . 
this is still the best in the series . 
unfortunately i stopped playing these games after chaos theory 
so maybe i 'll have to try the newer ones out . 
ah , crash 2 . 
one of my favorite games as a little kid . 
the warp room allows you to choose 5 levels at a time . 
there are many weird secrets . 
you will get the blue gem . 
plus , you can save any time , unlike the original . 
a must have!ps   
you can refight bosses . 
but hl2 's puzzles toss things up quite a bit . 
right now.i say its the best fsp , but obviously not perfect . 
but after that it is solid as gold . 
this is a problem solving game with a difference . 
, it 's more like putting 3 and 7 together to get 3 . 
now if you already played this you already know this ! 
it 's probably funnier . 
this game is almost like crazy taxi . 
it is really fun and cool . 
in the bengning bart is playing on video games . 
then homer comes in and says he wants to watch his tv . 
while there watching tv . 
a guy is saying that there are these buses that are killing everyone . 
so homer wants to do some thing about it . 
so this game is really great . 
though this one is n't as good as the 2nd one in my opinion . 
still a great game . 
just let down by the last boss .. pretty weak . 
they need to make another one . 
it only gets 2 stars from me.for one , game play is difficult . 
but that 's cool . 
because that 's realistic . 
practice.a lot of things have been done well . 
the movements and throws are very realistic . 
the atmosphere is sharp . 
the game keeps track of league leaders and league stats . 
you have a realistic farm team to work with . 
send guys down 
... bring guys up.the thing that thrills me the most is the franchise mode . 
very cool . 
but times change.downfalls ... and there are a lot ! ! 
there are a lot of animation glitches . 
the animation is off . 
i just manage .i 
play in manager mode , because that 's more fun for me . 
yet , there is no way to pitch - out or pitch around . 
i get a two - strike count to somebody like bonds or sosa ... 
you pitch around , yet there 's no way to control that . 
the manual says l2    r2 are pitch out and brush back , respectively . 
they 're both brush back pitches and brush backs 
usually make contact.there is no way to do instant replay . 
could be ... a homerun , but the computer instantly tells you ... 
there 's a lot of work to be done ... 
but this is definately a step in the right direction . 
crash bandicoot 's my favorite video game character and all his work is genius . 
sonic 's debut was better then mario ' s. 
but , these debuts lacked what crash 's had . 
the virtual world looks like the real world . 
that 's one of the game 's strongest points . 
the controls are very solid and crash responds amazingly well to your commands . 
this spoiled me . 
i became versatile after a while though . 
crash has 3 , mario and soinc only had 1 . 
crash 's moves are running , jumping , and spinning . 
the spinnig move is an extremely creative thing . 
crash 's spin is much easier to control and is much more effective . 
it also does n't threaten you in a strange , almost indescribable way . 
sega called this the spin dash . 
this could throw you to your death . 
not crash ' s. crash could move or stay still when spinning . 
note   soinc did n't have the spin dash in his debut game . 
mario and sonic 's jumping , i 'll admit , was better . 
they were tighter then crash . 
their direction could be changed much , much easier then crash when jumping . 
crash jumps higher though . 
crash runs kind of slow , especially when you need to get something done . 
but he 's slower in crash twinsanity . 
crash 's camera control is hardly ever a problem . 
the levels are big and challenging . 
there 's also secret levels in crash . 
no , i did n't think so . 
crash 's biggest flaw is the saving system . 
not fair at all . 
big flaw . 
the 2nd biggest flaw is the way you have to collect gems . 
in the game you must collect 32   
however , it 's a little too hard to collect them all . 
i ' m all for destroying every crate , 
i say crash is best , no matter what anyone else tells me . 
i ' ve never considered myself a real - time strategist . 
favorable reviewers all around have gushed some variation of the following 1 .   
ron   is a sophisticated rts.2 .   
ron   is an epic rts.3 .   
ron   is a hybrid between rts and tbs game types.4 .   
ron   rigidly adheres to rts tradition . 
one usually wins by destroying selected enemy buildings . 
ron   notably introduces a   library   of additional building and unit upgrades . 
and the players can advance through levels of technology called   ages . 
that 's it . 
it 's still 
the blizzard rts military model . 
bhg also incorporates good unit ai and path - finding . 
m tired of the arbitrary 200-unit population caps and mindless b3 routine . 
but serious tbs gamers may be disappointed all around .   
rise of nations   is no real - time   civilization    
it 's as conventional a military rts as they come . 
just do n't buy the hype if you buy this game . 
this wheel is way over priced for what you get . 
it does nt have a shifter and the pedals move around . 
if you want a good wheel , i suggest the mad catz mc2 . 
cheaper , better . 
do nt be fooled into buying this load of ... 
well you get the point . 
the action and storyline is good , the vehicles are cool . 
the getaway is a good game . 
but it can be frustrating to play . 
the good news ? 
the bad news ? 
exactly the amount of time you have before the salesman makes his leave . 
the feel of the adventure is unbelievable in terms of how fantastic it is . 
the songs are exciting , fun , emotional , and some are downright creepy . 
but seriously , that 's not 
a bad thing.overall rating   
i own this game and it is awesome . 
the graphics are excellent , the characters have personality and blitzball is a blast . 
there are many excellently designed movies cut - aways from the action . 
in the beginning , you typically watch more than you play . 
once you get past the character building , it is good action.amazing game . 
worth the wait and well worth the price . 
well this was my 1st fps game that i ever played . 
man was this game addicting . 
i remembering playing it for 8   hours a day 
and i still could n't stop playing it . 
i would love to pick the mp3 or awp.the music was so , 
i did n't have a powerful computer . 
i had a piece of crap actually . 
lol but later 
man , this game was a hassle to deal with ! 
also , if you 're on dial up connection forget about it ! 
the only way to fight a hacker is you hacked yourself too . 
i had to get him before he got me . 
man , that was terrible way of playing 
but i remember it and hated it . 
so , this game was in no way perfect from the start . 
also , so the forever updates ! 
freedom fighters is such a game . 
he 's then thrust into the role of guerilla 
fighter.the gameplay is what makes freedom fighters such an outstanding game . 
the game is a third person shooter . 
the enemy a.i . is also very sophisticated . 
the sounds are also exceptional . 
but here the newscasts do a much better job at moving the story along . 
i highly recomend this game ! 
what more could you ask for ? 
i know that this is n't really a big deal 
but i think that it adds a bit to the game . 
buy the game ! ! ! 
you will not regret it . 
what else can i say about this 16 bit classic ? 
and these games being my main gift was always a definite treat . 
i can still remember playing it and being blown sway ! ! 
to this day , a classic ! 
the graphics , music ,    gameplay still blow my mind . 
still hoping for that proper sequel . 
dkcreturns for wii is cool ... 
but i 'd love a real sequel to dkc3 
city crisis -- 0.85 starscity crisis is a total waste of money . 
poor graphics and sound , downright horrid control . 
i will say that it is an original idea . 
this is a must for your gamecube . 
it 's by nintendo 
so you know that it 's no reject2   
it has 4.25 times the space than the memory card 
it 's in 
a cool color4   
596   can store 16   games on itand 
it can be placed into the gamecube carrying case with no interference 
but in all games , there 's at least one downfall . 
the xbox version boasts beautiful graphics but the controls are below average . 
nothing screams    34 fun !   
34   like a good 3d mario game . 
is it as amazing ? 
probably not , 
the control is remarkably fluid , as mario feels as acrobatic as ever . 
he can even use f.l.u.d.d . 
if you 're a mario fan , you can not live without this game . 
and i recommend it to buy friends 
the idea is to accomplish all of your mission goals . 
i recommend it ? 
midnight club 2 is a solid racer with great control and good graphics . 
what 's the only thing worse than limp bizkit ? 
they are creepy . 
i do n't really understand how   quot press buttons 
very very interesting idea and one of the buggiest games 
i ' ve ever played . 
but they really need a debugger . 
bells and whistles are great 
but i ' m looking to have fun not get frustrated . 
also , the micromanagement required to keep your people alive is very excessive . 
it takes alot away from the fun of the game . ... 
season is excellent better then smack down 3.there are sixty superstars in it . 
entrances are also good but some of them are bad 
i do n't have a game cube and just ordered wii , 
x    4 are basically the same as ps ps2 versions witch i have . 
so i ' m very excited in playing this game and by the reviews 
it 's awesome . 
the interface is minimalist and keeps clutter to a minimum . 
you 'll need a lot if your going to make a serious adventure . 
the game itself is simple too annoying to play . 
after seven hours , i completed one half - finished village . 
imagine how long for the whole game . 
i could make a better game than that ! 
quot   shove this game in their face . 
it ought to put him   or her   in their place . 
only recommended for the extremely super patient . 
megaman battle network 2 is a fun , fast paced game . 
the boss battles are challenging , and the game is very fun . 
online , you play as megaman , battleing viruses and surfing the net . 
in real life , you play as lan , an experienced netbattler . 
parents , i strongly recommend not buying this game for your child 
ren   unless   s 
i was wrong ... 
if you are a new yu gi 
unfortunatly that did n't exactly turn out to be the case . 
amazing graphics , makes you really feel like your in an actual world.2 . 
npc 's have sets of speech that actual actors speak.3 . 
easy to play4 . 
fully useable terrain , climb mountains , swim , get lost in the forest.5 . 
day and night cycles and rainstormscons 1 . 
the main quest is almost always boring ! 
even worse most of the side quests pertain directly to the main quest . 
this makes almost everything seemed forced . 
there is no   quot working up skills quot   
the only advances your character gets are from completing part of the quest . 
once again very forced playstyle.6 . 
sure the magic spells are neat , but most of them are useless .   
i easily got through the whole game using minor heal and fireball 7 . 
i was a tinker ,   
i start with have anything to do with a tinker no   10 . 
i save the worst for last . 
its quite easy to screw the game over . 
pokemon silver is the best pokemon game ever . 
for the game , it 's day and night thing is cool . 
i got my game off the net 
and it 's on my computer . 
i ' m stuck on the steel pokemon gym . 
the music is cool   but on my game it jumps 
and it 's weird . 
gold is usually in japanese so it 's harder for first time players . 
play pokemon blue or red first . 
but i ' 
m a pokemon master   
hey , does any1 know what the hell pokemon crystall is ? 
email me at richluver 5ive-online.com with any info . 
anyway , pokemon silver deserves 5 stars , i ' m hooked ! 
this game is fun.this game is long . 
this is a classic game . 
it does n't any better than this   except for maybe mario kart 64 . 
i do nt think ffvii or ffix are much better than this . 
it 's definitely worth your buck . 
retro studios have done a phenomenal job with the metroid prime series . 
a little pricey though , but worth in my mind . 
in 1988 , when nintendo was developing super mario bros . 
3 , someone said   oh my god ! 
we forgot to make a mario 2 for north america ! 
so they made one out of japan - 
only game doki doki panic . 
mainly because of its origin . 
and you know what ? 
all that was awesome . 
it featured lots of improvements over the original . 
first , notice the score system . 
there are also new giant pow blocks and shy guys . 
hearts now appear a lot more often . 
of course , there are now voices.the biggest difference 
get all 40 and then you beat the whole game . 
this version is also pretty updated . 
you can also run , which is a bit helpful . 
you can also link up to play with 3 friends in co-op.think 
that 's enough ? 
there 's also a 4-player vs mode that uses mario bros . 
stars , hearts , shells , you name 
it.overall , it 's an awesome cartridge . 
however disasters do happen . 
so be on the alert ! 
tornadoes , earthquakes and much more can decimate your city ! 
when i first heard of rct i ran out and bought it . 
if you are trying to decide between this and themepark , choose rct . 
rct has a more realistic feel , and better coaster design capabilities . 
wow ! ! ! 
this is definitely the best game of the year ! 
pc gamer calls this feature ,   quot 
this third person shooter will replace half - life as the definitive action game ! 
d d rules are ingenious . 
the graphics are beautiful . 
a ' fighter ' class can also develop spellcasting abilities and vice versa . 
and i am way oversimplifying it ! 
the interface to the game is revolutionary . 
this is extremely cool , because each class has certain weaknesses when solo'ing . 
i like solo'ing fighters 
but i enjoy having a rogue tag along to pick locks for me . 
i strongly suggest that you also purchase the official strategy guide by versus book . 
however , be careful - there are two strategy guides . 
despite the highly impressive introductory scene and menu screen , do n't be deceived . 
this game is far too conventional and undeniably sloppy . 
it certainly does n't do justice for the x - box either ... 
among emulation gamers this is a common gamepad . 
nothing like the tried and true   cross   of my yesterdays . 
you can map keys to buttons and mouse to analog sticks . 
works even with the pc games that normally were keyboard mouse only . 
i was wrong ... 
everything moves god awful slow and moves are so easy to do . 
dont't even bother . , ..... 
resident evil for the nintendo gamecube is a remake of the classic playstation game . 
the game has not changed one bit . 
same story , character ect . 
but there is one minor change .... 
the visuals and some more ! 
there has also bin 
both of these characters have the same storyline just different scenarios inbetween . 
the controls were a bit clunky too . 
but that does n't dissapoint you from enjoying the game .... 
acctually it does 
but it also shows that the nintendo gamecube is n't just a kiddies system . 
also the game packs a chuck full of extra suprises once you beat it . 
the game has a great replay value especially since this game has 12 different endings 
should you keep up with this game for more then 
sim city 3000 unlimited is awesome ! 
this game is addictive . 
i love this game 
most of the boss battles are pretty good . 
however , the bad ones are very aggravating . 
it 's too   dang   short ! 
have played this game for years and still have fun with it . 
it even works on windows 7 64 bit . 
cheap , clean , and loads of fun . 
this is the best computer game i have played for at least three years . 
but eye candy is the least of this game 's virtues . 
and while every ai has a bad habit or two , shogun 's 
is the best i have yet seen . 
it knows when it has an advantage , and capitalizes upon it . 
however , these are minor flaws in an otherwise superb product . 
mastering shogun will keep you highly entertained for a long , long time . 
serious sam is just a great game . 
it is simply a great game ! 
the backgrounds are nice and they tend to match the location . 
greek architecture in greece . 
you will be mezmerized by the water effects which blow away n64 's waverace . 
if you liked waverace for n64 you will simply love this game . 
but it really does deliver a great aquatic gaming experience . 
look below for nemerical ratingsgraphics    9.5control    8.5   because of the tricks 
only sound    
9.0replay value    
8.5storyline    n a pure racing gaame , not much story to it 
the game is a racing game . 
the game is not really about doing tricks . 
it requires lots of playing time to perfect your skills ! 
it is a great game for anyone i think who likes pokemon . 
well worth the money and is a great game . 
first of all , let me say this is a great system . 
now lets go to the good stuff controllers excellent . 
basically a cross between the n64 and xbox controllers . 
games who cares if it does n't have as many games as playstation ! 
also , sonic adventure has something sa2 does n't have , adventure boards ! 
although this can make the game frusturating at times , it is still cool . 
2,but they are still good 
pricing amazing ! 
this console a lot cheaper than ps one , yet it is even better ! 
but the cd playback is n't as good as other systems though . 
but i still no ps2 and gc are better . 
having played all the others there is nothing like asb 2003 . 
i could go on but words do n't describe how good this game is . 
i would just say go out and buy it . 
it is well worth the money . 
i could go on . 
make sure you order a larger ms with the game to unlock everything . 
there 's tons of it . 
this game i got for a bargain .   
15 for this game 
and it was worth it for me . 
it lives up good games , mrs . 
pacman , dig dug , galaga , galagar , and that racing game . 
all my high scores in mrs . 
pacman , gone . 
but still , its good for in - between classes like break time . 
it is really great . 
overall- 4 stars to this cuz it can not save . 
but that is it . 
the rest is all in heaven ! 
now about the actual game , tony hawk 2 , is very challenging . 
i have been gaming for a long time   92 - 01 . 
the graphics by todays standard are medicore . 
i reccomend to rent it first before buying it . 
this game is pretty fun . 
to say it is perfect is wrong . 
still fun though . 
years ago i picked up this game for pc . 
it 's simple to learn yet challenging to play . 
theme hospital is fun to play for any age . 
what more can doom offer ? 
so what do you get with this   collector 's bundle ?   
let me start off by saying that i love tony hawk video games . 
it got better and better . 
then came 4 .... 
well the graphics are good , but that is not everyting . 
i hate the fact that there is no two minute runs . 
and u have to find people to do your objectives . 
and i heard it was rediculously hard at some points . 
and if u have an older system , then buy tony hawk 2 . 
do n't waste time buying tony hawk 4 , its not worth it . 
i bought this when i was in my   quot adventure quot   mode . 
this one , however , was not really with the   19.95 
i spent.the visuals are beautiful . 
the gameplay is too linear however . 
there is no way to accomplish your goals in multiple ways . 
oh , the political humor ! 
